A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event held in the city of Angeles	A woman drinks her coffee in a small cafe .	contradiction
A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event held in the city of Angeles	A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event while people wait in line behind him .	neutral
An Indian woman is washing and cleaning dirty laundry at a lake and in the background is a kid who appears to have jumped into the lake .	An Indian woman is doing laundry for her son in the lake .	neutral
A man and a woman are talking in a park	A man and woman are talking in the aquarium .	contradiction
Two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street .	The two men are cooking food for the block party .	neutral
A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork .	A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork	entailment
A young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool .	Child leaping into arms of a woman wearing swimsuit in a pool .	entailment
A couple bows their head as a man in a decorative robe reads from a scroll in Asia with a black late model station wagon in the background .	A light black late model station wagon is in the background .	entailment
A carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area .	A man stands on one foot with his wife near the beach .	neutral
A man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background .	There is a kid skateboarding and a bearded man on a bike .	contradiction
Young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings .	A young girl faces the camera while holding a lunch bag .	neutral
A man in a blue windbreaker jacket , laying face down on a park bench , with a liquor bottle nestled by one of the bench 's legs .	A Black man is passed out on a park bench from drinking .	neutral
A man in a blue windbreaker jacket , laying face down on a park bench , with a liquor bottle nestled by one of the bench 's legs .	A man lays face down on a park bench .	entailment
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .	The boy is walking across the field with his dog .	contradiction
A hispanic fruit market with many different fruits and vegetables in view on a city street with a man passing the store dressed in dark pants and a hoodie .	A fruit market and a man	entailment
A woman with a bright red umbrella is jumping high in the air , she has on a knit hat and black shirt and colorful boots .	A woman in black is jumping in the air with a red umbrella .	entailment
A woman with a bright red umbrella is jumping high in the air , she has on a knit hat and black shirt and colorful boots .	A woman in colorful boots is jumping over a large puddle in the street .	neutral
A man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope .	A man is sleeping in the park bench	contradiction
Man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building .	A man in civilian clothes hands a bag to a group of children .	contradiction
A man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds .	The man and woman sitting under the blue sky are having a good time .	neutral
Two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together , facing towards the water and away from the camera .	One lady is teaching another lady how to do a downward dog pose .	neutral
A man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart .	a man eating with a young boy on a city sidewalk	entailment
A man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart .	father is eating with his son on a city sidewalk	neutral
a couple is walking down the sidewalk with their dog .	A couple is walking their dog to the market .	neutral
A young blond woman with braided pigtails and wearing blue biking gear is bicycle racing along a dirt track .	A young blond girl is in the lead for a cross country bicycle race .	neutral
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .	The little boy is taking the bus to school .	contradiction
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .	The party boy is playing in a puddle .	entailment
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .	The little boy is doing a dance in the puddle .	neutral
A young girl kisses a ring-bearing boy at a wedding .	A boy turns his head away as a girl tries to kiss him .	neutral
A girl in a pink tank top and her boyfriend sitting on stone steps .	A girl is sitting on stone steps in a pink tank top with her boyfriend .	entailment
A woman wearing a white baseball cap purple coat holding a poster .	A woman with a hat holding a poster .	entailment
A caucasian woman in a blue top and black slacks looks off to the side of the camera with a drink in one hand and a amused look upon her face , while a man sits next to her , looking unamused , drink in one hand , straw in the other .	A man and woman are having drinks in a bar .	neutral
A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .	A kid is swinging a toy golf club .	entailment
A woman wearing gray pants , a white blouse and a black vest is jumping with one hand in the air as she goes through an indoor stadium .	The girl wearing a dress skips down the sidewalk .	contradiction
A soldier is handing a picture to a woman holding a Donald Duck bag .	A soldier hands a woman a picture of himself at Disney World .	neutral
A soldier is handing a picture to a woman holding a Donald Duck bag .	A soldier hands a woman a picture .	entailment
A girl climbing a rock face .	A girl climbing a rock face beside a dirt trail outside .	neutral
A girl climbing a rock face .	A girl climbing a rock face outside .	neutral
A black dog is drinking next to a brown and white dog that is looking at an orange ball in the lake , whilst a horse and rider passes behind .	Two dogs near a lake , while a person rides by on a horse .	entailment
A man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands , a cloudy sky in the background .	The man and woman jumped 20 ft into the air .	neutral
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk .	A man is in a purple bathrobe is inside his home cooking breakfast .	contradiction
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk .	A man is playing an acoustic guitar on the sidewalk while a woman and a man walk down the sidewalk .	neutral
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk .	A man is playing a guitar on the sidewalk and singing .	entailment
This photo includes a statue of a man and a woman walking with a blue shirt walking behind it .	A man and woman walking down a busy street .	neutral
A guy with long brown curly hair wearing a white t-shirt is looking into the camera with something in his mouth . a	A person with long hair looks at the camera	entailment
A man in a plaid shirt and brown pants walking around town with one hand in his pocket .	The man has a white dress shirt on .	contradiction
Closeup of an elderly woman walking across a street with her male companion .	A man helps a woman cross the street .	neutral
Several people are walking on a street and there is a large , blue crane towering and leaning against a building .	Several people are sitting on the grass , watching a crane move heavy blocks .	contradiction
A man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a machine in smoky air .	An old man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a yellow maching in smokey air .	neutral
A woman sits in a chair under a tree and plays an acoustic guitar .	A woman is playing a country song on her guitar while her husband in the distance listens .	neutral
A woman sits in a chair under a tree and plays an acoustic guitar .	A woman plays an acoustic guitar under a tree .	entailment
A person crouches under a yellow umbrella on the beach .	There is an umbrella and a person on a beach .	entailment
A man is creating a sand painting on the floor .	A woman destroys a sand painting .	contradiction
A man is creating a sand painting on the floor .	A man makes his first sand painting .	neutral
A woman walks down the road in all black as she holds a red umbrella over her head in the rain .	The woman in black is dancing in the rain without an umbrella .	contradiction
A woman walks down the road in all black as she holds a red umbrella over her head in the rain .	The woman in black is walking home from a funeral in the rain with her red umbrella .	neutral
A man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket , is sitting in a lawn chair .	a woman is sitting in a lawn chair	contradiction
A man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket , is sitting in a lawn chair .	an older man is sitting in a lawn chair	neutral
A man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket , is sitting in a lawn chair .	a man is sitting in a lawn chair	entailment
a woman applies makeup to a woman in black .	The woman is putting makeup on the woman in black .	entailment
A woman prays while a young girl lights a fire	The girl is lighting a fire to roast marshmallows .	neutral
A young man is riding a dirt bike while standing up .	The young man standing on the dirt bike is performing a stunt .	neutral
A young man is riding a dirt bike while standing up .	The young man stands on the pedals of his dirt bike .	entailment
A woman in a blue jacket is drinking tea from a cup .	A woman wearing a blue jacket is drinking tea .	entailment
A woman in a blue jacket is drinking tea from a cup .	A woman wearing a blue jacket and black pants is drinking tea .	neutral
A woman building herself a sand castle .	a women is helping a kid make a sand castle	neutral
A Person in a dark shirt and shorts and a white helmet is jumping a bicycle over a mound of dirt .	A kid jumps a bike over a dirt ramp .	neutral
A Person in a dark shirt and shorts and a white helmet is jumping a bicycle over a mound of dirt .	A person rides a bike on a sidewalk without a helmet .	contradiction
Several toddlers in a room with many toys , a yellow lamp , a window , gray carpeting and paintings .	Several toddlers are in a room with many toys , a yellow lamp , a window , gray carpeting and paintings .	entailment
Two race car drivers smile on a stage next to a female spokes model wearing a white dress and white and blue boots .	Two race car drivers are swimming on a beach	contradiction
Two people sit facing away in a downtown scene with a motorcycle parked in front of a pool	There are 2 people in this picture , as well as a two-wheeled vehicle .	entailment
Two people sit facing away in a downtown scene with a motorcycle parked in front of a pool	The two people run as quickly as they can for shelter as the storm picks up and begins swirling all around them .	contradiction
a blue and gray race car driving on a dirt track .	A race car is is driving on a paved road .	contradiction
a blue and gray race car driving on a dirt track .	A race car is driving on a dirt track .	entailment
a blue and gray race car driving on a dirt track .	A race car is turning a corner on a dirt track .	neutral
A woman wearing a pink dress with gold around the midsection is standing in between two rows of people at a banquet .	A woman holding a plate is waiting in line for the food table .	neutral
A man in a white button-up shirt looks to the side while sitting at a table by the street .	A man is standing by himself outside of an office building .	contradiction
A young man is pushing a lawn mower to mow the grass .	A guy rides a lawn mower in the grass .	contradiction
A young man is pushing a lawn mower to mow the grass .	A young man wearing blue clothes pushes a lawn mower through a field .	neutral
A young man is pushing a lawn mower to mow the grass .	A guy pushes a machine through the grass .	entailment
A woman in a white hat and red dress holding hands with a man in a black jacket with a flower in his upper pocket .	The woman is alone and asleep in the car on the moon .	contradiction
A girl in blue rides a horse over a tall jump .	A girl is walking her dog down the street .	contradiction
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone , leaning against a brown painted box .	Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone	entailment
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone , leaning against a brown painted box .	Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his giraffe	contradiction
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone , leaning against a brown painted box .	Male in brown leather jacket and tight black slacks , looking down at his phone	entailment
Woman in a dress standing in front of a line of a clothing line , with clothes hanging on the line .	A woman in a dress is standing in front of a line .	entailment
A black dog holding an orange object in the water .	A dog is trying to peel an orange in the water .	contradiction
A black dog holding an orange object in the water .	A dog holds an object in the water .	entailment
A black dog holding an orange object in the water .	A dog holds a life jacket in its mouth in the water	neutral
A man in a pink shirt is stealing an old couples bike , the possibility he is a loan shark collecting his dues are high .	A couple is giving a man a bike as a gift .	contradiction
Four people in emergency suits and helmets spray water from behind a cement wall .	Four people are watching television next to the wall .	contradiction
A man in a dark shirt and overalls is squatting down on gravel and working on a railroad car .	A man in a dark shirt with overalls squatting down on gravel while working on a railroad car	entailment
A young women , in a black shirt , is holding a bike , while a young boy is holding a skateboard .	A young woman is holding a bike while a young man is holding a skateboard .	entailment
A young women , in a black shirt , is holding a bike , while a young boy is holding a skateboard .	A young woman and young boy are posing for a photo with their skateboard and bike .	neutral
A woman wearing sunglasses , jeans , & a t-shirt walks down the street carrying a bag .	The sunglasses are being worn because the woman thinks they look good , or that they protect her from the sun .	neutral
Photographed from below , a somewhat husky man wearing a white and black windowpane-plaid shirt and dark trousers is holding a little boy who is wearing orange pants and a navy-blue shirt .	The little boy is the man 's son .	neutral
A festival displays two men dressed in red makeup and costume , while an older man has cream on his face .	A festival displays two men dressed up in red makeup and costume , while an older man has some cream on his face .	entailment
A woman in sunglasses making a pouting face while eating seafood .	A woman in sunglasses is taking a stroll in the park .	contradiction
A dark-haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at a picture while sitting next to a boy in a purple shirt and jeans .	A dark-haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at the picture while sitting next to a boy wearing a purple shirt and jeans .	entailment
A man is riding on the back of a garbage truck .	A man saves money by hitching a ride on a garbage truck .	neutral
A man is riding on the back of a garbage truck .	A man catches a lift on a garbage truck .	neutral
A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her .	A man in an army jacket is following a woman in a pink dress .	contradiction
A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her .	A man is following a woman in a red shirt to her car .	neutral
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .	A black dog runs through the grass carrying its toy .	entailment
A man in hat and apron flipping over his pancake by tossing it in the air back to the pan .	The male is cooking food .	entailment
A young child is enjoying the water and rock scenery with their dog .	The teenage boy is taking his cat for a walk beside the water .	contradiction
A young child is enjoying the water and rock scenery with their dog .	The child and dog are enjoying some fresh air .	entailment
A young child is enjoying the water and rock scenery with their dog .	The child and dog are hoping for some ice cream later .	neutral
A man standing up in a rowboat with a bird perched on the boat .	The man is pedaling a bicycle along the pier .	contradiction
A woman with blond-hair and blue boots walks among a crowd of other pedestrians on a city street , looking up at something .	A woman is sitting in a cafe eating lunch .	contradiction
A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front .	A man works on a computer while two people sit and chat about business .	neutral
A man is taking pictures hanging outside of a red rally car .	The man is a race car driver .	neutral
A man in a yellow outfit , fixing something on the corner of a house .	A man wearing a yellow outfit was repairing something on the corner of the house .	entailment
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head	The man is trying his best not to drop the bottle of wine .	neutral
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head	The man is hiding his face with the box on his head .	neutral
In autumn , a man holding a box approaches a red truck in a parking lot .	The man is delivering the box to the old lady in the parking lot .	neutral
A man reading the paper at a cafe .	A man reading the paper while drinking cafe .	entailment
A man reading the paper at a cafe .	A man playing ice hockey .	contradiction
A man wearing black pants , a black shirt , and an orange hat is using a nail gun to attach tar paper to a roof .	The man is using his nail gun to attach paper tar to his roof .	entailment
A woman wearing a scarf , hat , and coat , holding a shopping bag is looking at her phone while standing in front of a store .	A woman wearing a scarf , hat , and coat , holding a shopping bag is outside of the store .	entailment
Man wearing dark clothes walks down a street with a wall of graffiti to his left .	The man is painting the street .	contradiction
a group of people riding bikes in a marathon as people line the street .	The people lining the street are family members .	neutral
A person on a boat by the shore .	A guy is on a boat by the shore fishing .	neutral
A person on a boat by the shore .	A guy is on a boat by the shore .	neutral
A baby wearing a bib makes a funny face at the camera .	A baby girl in a bib makes a funny face at her mom 's camera .	neutral
A middle-aged man in a bicycle race trying his hardest on the sand surrounded by watching crowd .	A man on a bicycle struggles as the comes to the end of a race .	neutral
Man on bike , with bike clothing and helmet on , having trouble maneuvering through sand from beach .	The man is sailing a boat .	contradiction
Man on bike , with bike clothing and helmet on , having trouble maneuvering through sand from beach .	The man is riding a bike in sand .	entailment
Man on bike , with bike clothing and helmet on , having trouble maneuvering through sand from beach .	The man is riding in a bike race .	neutral
A woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting .	the lady in the orange shirt is eating her lunch	neutral
Man in while shirt and blue jeans holding hands while walking with a little girl in a blue dress and yellow hat .	A man takes his son to the game	contradiction
A man in blue clothing carries a yellow bucket while walking in the water near a pelican .	A man with a bucket is catching fish in the water .	neutral
A man in blue clothing carries a yellow bucket while walking in the water near a pelican .	A man with a pail is in the water near a bird .	entailment
Two men standing near a metal structure in front of a brick wall .	Men stand in line at a water fountain in front of a brick building .	neutral
Two men standing near a metal structure in front of a brick wall .	Adult males stand in front of a brick wall near something made of metal .	entailment
A man , with a green cloth over his face , rests with his arms crossed beside a tan wall .	The man is outside taking a break from painting the house .	neutral
A man with glasses in a brown shirt talking while a man with glasses in a gray shirt listens .	A guy with a brown shirt and glasses is telling his friend in the glasses and gray shirt a story .	neutral
A little girl wearing a pink , yellow and white bathing suit , gets wet from a splash of water .	A girl gets wet from a splash of water by her brother .	neutral
A little girl wearing a pink , yellow and white bathing suit , gets wet from a splash of water .	A girl gets wet from a splash of water .	entailment
A boy in a blue shirt looks away from the camera as a girl in a pink and orange bathing suit stares into the camera in front of an RV .	A boy looks away from the camera while a girl looks into the camera .	entailment
A boy in a blue shirt looks away from the camera as a girl in a pink and orange bathing suit stares into the camera in front of an RV .	A boy looks away from the camera with a sad face while a girl who has just been swimming looks into the camera with no expression .	neutral
A boy in a blue shirt looks away from the camera as a girl in a pink and orange bathing suit stares into the camera in front of an RV .	A boy looks into the camera while a girl looks away from he camera .	contradiction
A man is carrying a child while holding a red and blue umbrella .	A father carries his child , holding an umbrella to keep the rain away .	neutral
Woman driving in a red convertible with another girl in the passenger seat and a guy in a suit in the backseat , driving past a group of people .	The convertible splashed through a puddle of water that soaked the other group of people .	neutral
Woman driving in a red convertible with another girl in the passenger seat and a guy in a suit in the backseat , driving past a group of people .	A woman , girl and man are watching television .	contradiction
Various people shop at a street clothing sale .	Various older people shop at a street clothing sale .	neutral
A well dressed man standing in front of an abstract fence painting .	A well dressed man about to buy an abstract fence painting .	neutral
The two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them , and they are surrounded by water .	Two people standing on a boat dock next to the water .	entailment
A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains .	A woman walking on an old bridge near a mountain .	entailment
A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains .	A woman walking on a bridge in a mountain .	entailment
A city street performer with long gray hair sits on a green bucket , two woman look on behind the man .	The city street performer sits on a green bucket .	entailment
A photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park .	The person with the camera photographs the person skating .	entailment
A photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park .	A mother photographs her son at the indoor skate park .	neutral
An Asian woman in a red skirt sits near the ground with another woman standing next to her .	the asian woman served rice in their restaurant	contradiction
A middle-aged male wearing a baseball cap , a shirt inscribed orange county traders and white towel tucked under his belt and preparing a meal in hibachi style .	The man is preparing a meal for his family 's dinner .	neutral
A man wearing a hat , glasses and a painted mustache standing in a crowd of Asian people holding up a stick .	Man ordering food at a restaurant , sitting with his family .	contradiction
A male and a female with a black hat , and sunglasses stop and talk .	Man steals hat from woman in sunglasses .	contradiction
A blond-hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .	A child at a birthday party , holds his new presents as the other children look on and smile .	neutral
A blond-hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .	A fair headed child has a replica flying vehicle and an another toy mythical creature .	entailment
A man is standing on the sidewalk , playing a guitar and singing , with a container of tips by him .	A man is playing his guitar and singing on a stage in a bar .	contradiction
A person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills .	A boy plays with his remote control car in his living room .	contradiction
A person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills .	A person rides a dirt bike outside .	entailment
A person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills .	A boy races his dirt bike outside .	neutral
A young man with blond dreadlocks sits on a wall reading a newspaper as a woman and a young girl pass by .	The young man is sleeping while the Mom is driving her daughter to the park .	contradiction
A young man with blond dreadlocks sits on a wall reading a newspaper as a woman and a young girl pass by .	The young man is reading the newspaper sports section with a mom and daughter walks to the movie theater .	neutral
Two cars parked on the side of a street with seven people doing different tasks on the sidewalk .	there are 2 cars on the street and people on the sidewalk .	entailment
Two cars parked on the side of a street with seven people doing different tasks on the sidewalk .	seven people are trying to move a car off the sidewalk .	contradiction
Blond woman wearing a red shirt and white pants stands on a garbage can as she holds a camera .	A model stands on a garbage can for a photo shoot .	neutral
Blond woman wearing a red shirt and white pants stands on a garbage can as she holds a camera .	A blond woman stands on a garbage can .	entailment
Blond woman wearing a red shirt and white pants stands on a garbage can as she holds a camera .	A homeless girl uses both hands to eat garbage from a garbage can .	contradiction
Two young man are getting ready for a game of pool on a purple pool table , with another young man in the background , holding a drink .	a young man sits with two others near a pool table and a drink	entailment
A woman with a red and white piece of clothing draped over her arm rides a pink cruiser-style bicycle down a boardwalk .	A woman rides a bike bast the beach sunset .	neutral
A woman with a red and white piece of clothing draped over her arm rides a pink cruiser-style bicycle down a boardwalk .	A woman sits on bicycle seat .	entailment
three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people	Seven people posing for a photo dressed as baseball players .	contradiction
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street .	A man is caught in a rain storm with an umbrella .	neutral
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .	a kid cooking lunch	contradiction
A girl with black hair and a green shirt has taken several bites from a fresh green apple .	The girl opens an oven door , and checks a meatloaf she is cooking to see how it is coming along .	contradiction
A man and woman in a dark room with lights behind them holding drinks while a bright green light shines in their faces .	A man and woman are in a dark room	entailment
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .	There is a child watching a person cooking on a fire .	entailment
A man riding a dirt bike on a racetrack .	A man is riding a dirt bike in a race at a track .	entailment
A man riding a dirt bike on a racetrack .	A man is riding a dirt bike .	entailment
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .	A married couple jogging while a man stretches on a park bench .	neutral
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .	Twelve people jogging while a man sleeps on a park bench .	contradiction
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .	Two people jogging while a man stretches on a park bench .	entailment
Many people take pictures as a blond woman wearing a cover-up only costume holds a sign proclaiming `` Photographers Not Predators '' on a pier .	Many people 's take photo with a yellow woman	neutral
A person wearing a striped shirt , headphones , and a headscarf watches a street with a large truck driving through .	A man rides his bike on an empty path in the woods .	contradiction
A person wearing a striped shirt , headphones , and a headscarf watches a street with a large truck driving through .	A man watches a large truck filled with gravel drive down a busy street .	neutral
A person wearing a striped shirt , headphones , and a headscarf watches a street with a large truck driving through .	A large truck drives down a street while a person in a striped shirt watches .	entailment
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train .	A man is sitting on the train talking to a woman .	entailment
A man is using a long lens on a camera to take a closeup of a colorful , chubby man on a bicycle with a large maroon and white umbrella attached to it .	A man painting a picture of a sunset .	contradiction
A man is using a long lens on a camera to take a closeup of a colorful , chubby man on a bicycle with a large maroon and white umbrella attached to it .	A man taking a picture for a photography class he is taking .	neutral
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street .	A woman is taking a picture of a building outside .	neutral
A old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street .	An old woman with her groceries tries to cross the street	neutral
A balding man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	A man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	entailment
A balding man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	A balding woman wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	contradiction
A balding man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	A balding man wearing a brown bomber jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	neutral
A young boy and his dog play at the edge of a public beach .	the kid plays with his dog at the beach on a saturday	neutral
A young boy and his dog play at the edge of a public beach .	the kid plays with his dog at the beach	entailment
The little boy is in the park near a duck .	The little boy is feeding a duck in the park .	neutral
The little boy is in the park near a duck .	The boy fell in the water on the duck .	contradiction
A woman in orange performs with puppets while a little boy in a monkey costume walks by .	A boy wearing a monkey costume passes by a puppeteer .	entailment
A man and a woman smiling at a crying baby .	Two people smile while looking at a baby .	entailment
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .	A man asks his friend to record him climbing a rock wall .	neutral
A man in a hat and jacket standing on the sidewalk with a pile of trash in front of him .	The man in the hat is standing in the middle of the street .	contradiction
A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall .	A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall , waiting for his buddy to pick him up .	neutral
A thin man in a maroon shirt standing next to a pay phone .	A man in a maroon shirt is sitting on the train .	contradiction
A woman cutting fabric flowers in a market .	A woman cuts fabric flowers inside a market .	entailment
A woman cutting fabric flowers in a market .	A woman cuts fabric flowers in a market while a crowd watches .	neutral
A boy and a girl walk through the city .	A boy and a girl are walking through a dirty city .	neutral
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is jumping into the water .	The boy in the black and red swimsuit is lounging on the boat	contradiction
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is jumping into the water .	The boy in the black and red swimsuit has fallen out of the boat	contradiction
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .	A woman riding a bicycle on the street .	entailment
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .	A woman riding a bicycle near a group of her friends on the sidewalk .	neutral
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .	A woman going for a walk near a car and some other people .	contradiction
Group of people stand near a fence watching a plane fly over them	The people are watching a plane show	neutral
a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	There is a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	entailment
a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	There is a lady in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	entailment
a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	There is a boy in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	contradiction
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .	The girl in the colorful outfit is the other girl 's sister .	neutral
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .	The girl sitting on the bench is next to another girl .	entailment
A man sits on a bench beside his bike while viewing the scenery around him overlooking a busy city .	The man is riding his bike in the country .	contradiction
Elderly man painting a picture with a small paintbrush .	A baby is smearing food all over his high chair tray .	contradiction
A man in an apron sits at a table in front of a restaurant , while another man crosses the street with a purple gift bag and rolling luggage .	One person sits at a restaurant table while another pulls luggage across the street while holding a gift bag .	entailment
The tops of a large number of balloons are visible behind a wall , with a large high rise building in the background .	A man and woman watch the sun set over the ocean .	contradiction
The tops of a large number of balloons are visible behind a wall , with a large high rise building in the background .	A bunch of balloons can be seen as people wait for a surprise party to start .	neutral
A boy wearing orange star glasses is sitting down holding a toy hammer .	A dog and a pig play in some mud .	contradiction
A little boy is sitting next to a bed while wearing orange sunglasses and playing with a toy hammer	A little boy is jumping on his bed while playing with a toy hammer	contradiction
A woman is sitting in a street market stand where there are various items for sale , such as fish .	The woman is in a street market .	entailment
A man pushing a food cart stands in front of a stone building and holds onto the bars covering a window .	A man peering into a window to see if others would like to buy some food .	neutral
A race car speeds away while a man covers his ears .	The race car is on a track	neutral
A boy in a red shirt with arms outstretched on the side of hill .	A boy is pretending to be an airplane as he runs around on a hill .	neutral
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in France .	A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken .	entailment
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in France .	A man and woman look like they are happily having their picture taken .	neutral
A woman with dark hair wearing a dark shirt , jeans , and glasses is talking into a microphone .	The woman has dark hair and a skirt on .	contradiction
An Asian man in a t-shirt and sandals is smoking a pipe while sitting on a rock in front of a body of water .	The man is drinking a beer in a pub .	contradiction
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman .	A man and woman walk while carrying a sleeping child	entailment
A woman wearing a yellow and white outfit is exiting the vehicle while using city transportation .	A man in all black enters a subway car .	contradiction
A woman wearing a yellow and white outfit is exiting the vehicle while using city transportation .	A woman dressed in white pants and a yellow blouse exits the large city bus .	neutral
A woman wearing a yellow and white outfit is exiting the vehicle while using city transportation .	A woman in a brightly colored outfit exits the public transportation vehicle .	entailment
Numerous people sitting in a dim lit room talking , drinking coffee and using computers .	A man sits alone drinking scotch in the sunlight on the beach where there is no internet connection .	contradiction
A female belly dancer dressed in blue and orange performs a folding fan dance with two men providing the music behind her ; they are using a guitar and drums .	A female belly dancer is performing in front of an audience with 2 males behind her supplying music .	neutral
A female belly dancer dressed in blue and orange performs a folding fan dance with two men providing the music behind her ; they are using a guitar and drums .	A belly dancer and two male musicians are sleeping on a boat .	contradiction
young female in striped shirt holding baby boy with red striped outfit	Young woman holding a fruit basket .	contradiction
young female in striped shirt holding baby boy with red striped outfit	Young woman holding baby boy .	entailment
A woman with long dark hair is carrying a bag over her shoulder which says `` hot '' in metallic pink letters .	A lady carries her lunch to work in a shoulder bag with `` HOT '' written on it .	neutral
A man in a dark suit talks with a middle-aged man and woman on a stage in front of a large logo of the letter `` D '' with the numeral five within it .	A couple of people are sitting in a room .	neutral
A young boy in a green shirt and blue pants is playing with a blue toy train on a wooden track .	A young boy is driving a pedal car on the sidewalk .	contradiction
A man and woman are talking in a party atmosphere with a crowd and purple and blue lights behind them .	A man flirts with a girl at a party and hopes to take her home .	neutral
A man and woman are talking in a party atmosphere with a crowd and purple and blue lights behind them .	A man and woman talk at a party .	entailment
The woman in the black shirt attempts to find her bike in the midst of the crowded street .	A woman wearing a short skirt is on a crowded street .	neutral
A man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face	A man in a dress is snow boarding .	contradiction
A man with a blue shirt and red scarf on his head holds a piece of fruit in front of a wood container full of fruit while a boy bicycles behind him .	A boy bicycles behind a man holding fruit .	entailment
A man with a blue shirt and red scarf on his head holds a piece of fruit in front of a wood container full of fruit while a boy bicycles behind him .	A boy skateboards behind a man holding fruit .	contradiction
Competitive bikers in an inside race cross a line with one biker in blue and white raising his arm .	A race between competitive bikers on an inside track begins as a biker raises his arm .	neutral
A woman in a blue shirt and black workout pants practicing martial arts in front of a house .	A woman has a light blue shirt .	neutral
A man in a striped shirt and lady in a black hat are watching a young band perform on stage .	A lady has a light black hat .	neutral
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water .	A boy is building a sandcastle near the water .	neutral
A man on a bike under a large red umbrella gestures at a group of people .	A man is attempting to get people to come in out of the rain .	neutral
A woman with an umbrella listens on a mobile phone on the street in front of a graffiti-tagged wall .	A person is on the phone outside in the rain .	entailment
Two people kiss on a street blindly-lit in bright white sun while several silhouetted pedestrians walk behind them .	A woman kisses a man in the street after he asks her to marry him .	neutral
A family sits on a bench near a beach .	A family is eating lunch while eating on a bench .	neutral
A person in a striped gray and white shirt moves his bicycle past another man in a yellow shirt and blue pants .	The person is heading to the market on their bicycle .	neutral
A man in an orange vest is waiting at a train station .	A man is sitting outside a train station .	neutral
A man in an orange vest is waiting at a train station .	A man is sleeping at the train station .	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt , khaki shorts , ball cap and white socks and loafers walking behind a group of people walking down a stone walkway with a water bottle in his left hand .	A man in a blue shirt , khaki shorts , ball cap and blue socks and loafers walking behind a group of people walking down a stone walkway with a water bottle in his left hand .	contradiction
Guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him .	The guy teaches his new guitar tricks to his friend .	neutral
An man wearing headphones observes an older man performing his guitar on a public street bench .	One man is listening to rap music while the older man is playing rock music	neutral
An older man sitting on a bench , on the sidewalk , reading a book .	A young lady stands at a bus station .	contradiction
An older man sitting on a bench , on the sidewalk , reading a book .	An old guy sits on a bench by a cracked sidewalk reading a red book .	neutral
A group of people stand around a young man wearing a black and white checkered shirt who is sitting at a table with his head down .	The people are swimming at the pool club	contradiction
A little girl wearing a cardboard diner hat is finishing off some onion rings at a restaurant .	There is a girl eating at a restaurant whilst wearing a hat .	entailment
The view of a man with a shaved head and blue shirt through a chain-linked fence .	A woman with a shaved head and a beard behind a chain-linked fence .	contradiction
The view of a man with a shaved head and blue shirt through a chain-linked fence .	A man with a shaved head behind a chain-linked fence .	entailment
The view of a man with a shaved head and blue shirt through a chain-linked fence .	A man with a shaved head and a beard behind a chain-linked fence .	entailment
An old woman drinking water in a yellow room	An old woman is eating lunch in a blue room .	contradiction
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field .	A girl is running across the field to see her dog .	neutral
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store .	A man and woman are in a hardware store .	entailment
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store .	A man and woman are outside of a store .	neutral
A young man shielding himself from a stream of water from a fire engine by using an umbrella .	A fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella .	entailment
A young man shielding himself from a stream of water from a fire engine by using an umbrella .	A broken fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella .	neutral
Three people walking down a hallway at the train station .	A few people are sitting in a dining car of a train drinking coffee .	contradiction
A woman in a bathroom , sitting on the sink , is doing her makeup .	A woman puts on clown makeup .	neutral
A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water	A person is in the grass holding a fishing pole and wearing a yellow hat .	entailment
A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water	A person in the grass is wearing a yellow hat and holding a fishing pole to catch catfish .	neutral
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands .	a man and woman are at the table together	entailment
A man in a black suit and tie is walking in front of a fancy building with the word grace written on it	A man walks in front of a building with the word grace	entailment
A man in a black suit and tie is walking in front of a fancy building with the word grace written on it	A man walks in front of his new building , with the word grace on it	neutral
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store .	A man is holding his daughter while looking at toys in a store .	neutral
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store .	A man is pushing a baby stroller walking down the street .	contradiction
A man and a woman in a crowd of people on a street at night .	A man and a woman stand in the street at night	entailment
A man and a woman in a crowd of people on a street at night .	A man and a woman walk into a building	contradiction
A group of people are watching a band play music while one lady tries to take a picture of them .	A group of people are watching a band play music .	entailment
A man wearing a mask with green dreadlocks and blue gloves stands in front of a woman in a brown cardigan .	The man with the unkempt hair is scaring the lady near him .	neutral
A man wearing a mask with green dreadlocks and blue gloves stands in front of a woman in a brown cardigan .	The man wearing the mask is bald and is reading a comic book to his son .	contradiction
A race car driver leaps from a burning car .	A race car driver performing a movie stunt .	neutral
A race car driver leaps from a burning car .	A race car driver parallel parking his car .	contradiction
A woman wearing a gray top and a purple headband plays toy trains with a little boy in a white shirt .	The woman is playing toy trains with a little boy .	entailment
A bridge with green supports leads to a sidewalk lining a row of houses with slanted roofs , a person is visible in the background walking towards the photographer past a bicycle .	The photographer is at a photo shoot in a building .	contradiction
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .	A young woman talks to her baby at the park .	neutral
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .	A woman is chatting with her best friend over coffee .	contradiction
A young boy looking at a picture book .	A boy sitting in the grass looking at a book .	neutral
A man in a green shirt and black hat is smoothing concrete .	A person is resurfacing the sidewalk of a well known street .	neutral
Four people , One male in a blue shirt and slacks with three females , one in pink , one in blue , and the other with a white shirt and blue blouse , in line to enter a yellow school bus , while a female in pink hold paper is on the phone .	There are three girls and one boy waiting for the school bus .	entailment
Four people , One male in a blue shirt and slacks with three females , one in pink , one in blue , and the other with a white shirt and blue blouse , in line to enter a yellow school bus , while a female in pink hold paper is on the phone .	Four people , One male in a blue shirt and slacks with three females , one in pink , one in blue , and the other with a blue shirt and blue blouse , in line to enter a yellow school bus , while a female in pink hold paper is on the phone .	contradiction
Four people , One male in a blue shirt and slacks with three females , one in pink , one in blue , and the other with a white shirt and blue blouse , in line to enter a yellow school bus , while a female in pink hold paper is on the phone .	The people waiting in line are in middle school .	neutral
A woman in a brown shirt and a man in a hat cross the street .	A man and woman are walking in the street .	entailment
A woman in a brown shirt and a man in a hat cross the street .	A man and woman are walking down the hallway of their house .	contradiction
A woman in a brown shirt and a man in a hat cross the street .	A man and woman are late for their dinner reservation .	neutral
A woman in a blue star printed dress stands next to a grill with food on it .	A woman in a starry dress is near a grill that is cooking .	entailment
A woman in a dress talking on the phone while holding a dog leash .	A woman is talking to a friend on the phone .	neutral
A woman in a dress talking on the phone while holding a dog leash .	A woman threw her phone into the pond .	contradiction
A young man is holding a small boy who is wearing a backpack in front of a derelict building in a poor country .	A man is touring a city with his son	neutral
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock .	A dog leaps into a lake from a huge rock .	neutral
A woman standing on one hand in an empty pool .	The woman treads water after diving into the lake from a wooden dock .	contradiction
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .	A woman with no jacket freezes in the street .	contradiction
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .	A woman in a jacket riding a bike .	entailment
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .	A woman in a jacket riding a bike to work .	neutral
A person in a gray shirt doles a substance into cups on a green tray while a woman in a seafoam green sweater on their left squirts a liquid into a bucket .	a person moves stuff into cups while a lady in green puts something else in a bucket	entailment
A man in a black and blue jacket and a white helmet skiing down a hill swiftly .	A man goes down the ski hill swiftly because he is an expert .	neutral
A man sits in a dingy stall which says `` Sol Septu '' on the sidewalk while a man poses before the stand but does not look at it .	A still sits in a dingy man which says `` why '' on the sidewalk while a stall poses before the man but refuses to look in it 's direction .	contradiction
A young man wearing a blue shirt with white words , black jeans , and inline skates is sitting on a concrete seat looking forward while a group are people are in the background .	A young man waits for his friends at a skate park .	neutral
A young man wearing a blue shirt with white words , black jeans , and inline skates is sitting on a concrete seat looking forward while a group are people are in the background .	A young man in a red shirt sits in his ice skates .	contradiction
a woman siting in a black polka dot bathing suit top , and blue high waist underwear bottoms sitting in the sidewalk with three bags and a green bottle .	A man is with sheep on a farm in the forest .	contradiction
a woman siting in a black polka dot bathing suit top , and blue high waist underwear bottoms sitting in the sidewalk with three bags and a green bottle .	A woman looks odd sitting on the sidewalk with several bags and a bottle while wearing a bathing suit .	neutral
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent .	A man is riding his scooter next to a crowd people .	entailment
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent .	The man is driving his car to the park .	contradiction
A man in a dark floral shirt and black jeans walks buy a brightly colored wall painted with a woman with bright green eyes .	A man walks past a newly painted mural of a woman .	entailment
A man in a dark floral shirt and black jeans walks buy a brightly colored wall painted with a woman with bright green eyes .	There is a wall with a green eyed woman painted on it and a man walking past it .	entailment
A police officer , wearing his helmet , standing next to his motorcycle , standing next to a taller , bald , black male , wearing brown pants , his leather jacket across his shoulder .	a police officer stands next to his motorcycle with another man in leather nearby	entailment
A police officer , wearing his helmet , standing next to his motorcycle , standing next to a taller , bald , black male , wearing brown pants , his leather jacket across his shoulder .	a police officer offers a man in leather to go for a motorcycle ride	neutral
A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf .	a guy with a jacket kisses a woman with a scarf	entailment
A woman wearing a vertical striped top , sitting on a bench beside a telephone booth in a train station .	A woman is at a train station on a bench .	entailment
A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune .	A girl in a bikini is buried in the sand .	contradiction
A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune .	A girl in a bikini jumps off a dune into a pirate ship .	contradiction
A man is throwing water on a woman in front of a brick building while two men and another woman watch .	The man is throwing water on a woman .	entailment
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .	A woman wearing a white shirt crosses a bridge in a wooded area .	entailment
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .	A woman wearing a black shirt and khakis crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .	contradiction
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .	A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area to get to her husband .	neutral
A little girl plays in the ocean on the beach .	The girl is building a sand castle .	neutral
A boy in s striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain .	A boy jumps in front of a water fountain .	entailment
A woman is eating at a table as people walk by .	A woman is typing on her computer while drinking coffee .	contradiction
on a snowy day a man with a north face jacket walks through the crowded streets past a garbage truck	The man is wearing a ski jacket outside to walk to work .	neutral
A woman shielding her face from the sun with a colorful umbrella .	The woman is avoiding the rain by using an umbrella .	contradiction
A man standing in the road wearing a black jacket , red shirt and jeans on a cold , snowy day .	A man is standing in the road wearing a black jacket .	entailment
A man standing in the road wearing a black jacket , red shirt and jeans on a cold , snowy day .	A man is standing in the road wearing a white jacket .	contradiction
A woman is at an art studio , painting a mural from her art supplies .	The woman is painting a self portrait .	neutral
A group of people dressed in Santa Claus suits are looking towards an audience while a DJ runs a sound board and another person throws green balls into the air .	A band plays at a beach party .	neutral
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence .	A girl rides a bike to the park .	neutral
A standing man in a suit finishes his turn in a chess game as his seated opponent begins his in a crowded park .	A male with clothes on is in front of another male in a crowded park .	entailment
A standing man in a suit finishes his turn in a chess game as his seated opponent begins his in a crowded park .	A business man plans on playing another guy for money on a game of chess .	neutral
a group of people walking down road heading away from the camera .	Several people walk down the road , backs facing the camera .	entailment
a group of people walking down road heading away from the camera .	A group of guys walk down the road towards a bar , backs facing the camera .	neutral
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .	A young lady climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch	neutral
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .	A person climbs a cliff face in the woods .	entailment
A child in a red jacket , waist deep in a pit on the beach .	A child is building a sandcastle on the beach .	contradiction
Man in gray zippered jacket and red shirt pets a brown dog and holds a young girl in pink shirt , while a woman next to him holds an infant boy and a gray dog .	A man holds a small child while petting his dog with his girlfriend is holding her son and her dog .	entailment
Man in gray zippered jacket and red shirt pets a brown dog and holds a young girl in pink shirt , while a woman next to him holds an infant boy and a gray dog .	A man in a jacket holds a small child while petting his dog near a woman holding a small boy and her dog .	entailment
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .	A group of people plays a fun game on the floor of a living room .	entailment
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .	A group of friends are playing a board game at their friend 's birthday party .	neutral
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .	A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room .	entailment
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .	A group of people plays a game on the floor of a spaceship .	contradiction
A person wearing sunglasses , a visor , and a British flag is carrying 6 Heineken bottles .	the man with sunglasses and a flag has beer bottles .	entailment
A person wearing sunglasses , a visor , and a British flag is carrying 6 Heineken bottles .	The person is naked and drunk running with a flag across a field while a soccer match is going on .	contradiction
A person wearing sunglasses , a visor , and a British flag is carrying 6 Heineken bottles .	The person has beer bottles abd has a england flag and glasses .	entailment
A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players , a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on a stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band .	A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players , a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on an outdoor stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band .	neutral
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .	A man with dark hair is in a dark room with his hands on equipment .	entailment
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .	A man with no hair is in a street show .	contradiction
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper	a dog sitting on a bed after ripping up paper .	entailment
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .	The male child is eating an apple .	contradiction
A man holds wooden boards together as a young boy drives a nail into them .	An adult male holds wooden boards together as a boy hammers a nail into them .	entailment
This is man standing by a fruit or vegetable cart peeling a piece of fruit .	This is woman standing by a fruit or vegetable cart peeling a piece of fruit .	contradiction
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is holding a white coffee cup .	A man is about to take a sip of coffee from his white coffee mug .	neutral
A man perched on a row of aquariums is using a net to scoop a fish from another aquarium .	A man works at a pet shop .	neutral
A woman is riding a horse along a track .	A woman is in a horse race .	neutral
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband in their car smiling and waving .	Here is a picture of a woman and her husband in their car smiling .	entailment
A woman is holding a baby while standing in the middle of a room .	A woman holds a sack of rice in the middle of the line at the supermarket .	contradiction
A man in a brown jacket , white shirt , and dark slacks is holding a book with his finger on the page while sitting on a wooden floor , and leaning against a yellow wall with a door on one side and cloths on hangers on the other side .	A man sits on a wooden floor building a model ship .	contradiction
A man in a brown jacket , white shirt , and dark slacks is holding a book with his finger on the page while sitting on a wooden floor , and leaning against a yellow wall with a door on one side and cloths on hangers on the other side .	A man pauses from reading his book as he rests against the wall and ponder what he has just read .	neutral
A man in a brown jacket , white shirt , and dark slacks is holding a book with his finger on the page while sitting on a wooden floor , and leaning against a yellow wall with a door on one side and cloths on hangers on the other side .	A man wearing a plaid jacket leans on a wall to read a book .	contradiction
A man carrying a hard hat is running down the street .	A man running down the street is carrying a hard hat .	entailment
A man carrying a hard hat is running down the street .	A man who is late is running down the street and carrying a hard hat .	neutral
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table	A blind woman and her guide dog have lunch at an outdoor cafe .	neutral
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table	A woman and her cat walk down the street .	contradiction
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table	A woman and her pet sit outside at a restaurant .	entailment
While some people look in the barn , others walk on the bridge and some are enjoying cooling off in the water by the beach .	The people are going in the barn to see the horse .	neutral
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall	A man is going up a rock wall .	entailment
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall	A man is going up a rock wall in the desert .	neutral
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper	A man is working so his child can play and relax comfortably .	neutral
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper	A woman is on a phone and her kit is playing with a sheet of paper .	contradiction
A man in a black hat and jacket is sitting down .	A man sitting down is wearing a black hat and a jacket .	entailment
A man in a black hat and jacket is sitting down .	A man waiting for a date is wearing a black hat and jacket while he is sitting .	neutral
A man dressed all in white throws the first pitch at a baseball game .	A man is caught streaking at a baseball game .	contradiction
A man dressed all in white throws the first pitch at a baseball game .	A man pitches at a baseball game .	entailment
A man is standing in the corner of a baseball field , dressed in a white dress suit , having a cameraman pointing a camera towards him .	A baseball player is playing outfield in game seven of the finals while a journalist takes photo .	neutral
A man is standing in the corner of a baseball field , dressed in a white dress suit , having a cameraman pointing a camera towards him .	A man is standing in the corner of a field while a camera is pointed at him .	entailment
A man is standing in the corner of a baseball field , dressed in a white dress suit , having a cameraman pointing a camera towards him .	A man is sitting in a mall courtyard on a metal bench .	contradiction
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country .	Two people are having a bike race .	neutral
A young boy , toddler age , wearing a blue shirt plays with a yellow dump truck in a family living room .	A young boy plays with a yellow dump truck in the living room .	entailment
A man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married .	A man is sleeping in bed with his wife cooking upstairs .	contradiction
A woman seated indoors wearing glasses , an orange shirt , jeans and sandals is eating from a container in her hand .	A woman wearing a green shirt eats at the table .	contradiction
Boys on a field playing flag football with one boy wearing the red flag clutching the football while a boy with a yellow flag dives to get his red flag .	A boy dives to get the flag to end the game of flag football	neutral
Boys on a field playing flag football with one boy wearing the red flag clutching the football while a boy with a yellow flag dives to get his red flag .	A boy attempts to tackle an opposing player in a game of flag football	entailment
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle .	A man building a sand castle	entailment
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .	The fully grown man in a blue jean hat looks at the camera while holding his wife 's hand .	contradiction
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .	The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held after being called by his mother .	neutral
A man at the beach , building a sand castle .	The sand castle down on the beach was made by that man .	entailment
A man at the beach , building a sand castle .	The waves have torn down a sand castle that the man is standing near .	contradiction
A man holding his shoe on the beach	A guy on the beach is emptying sand out of his shoe .	neutral
A white-haired man reclines in a seat pad on a boat 's deck , reading a book .	a man reclines in a seat on a boat , reading .	entailment
A white-haired man reclines in a seat pad on a boat 's deck , reading a book .	a man reclines in a seat pad on a boat , while reading a book and enjoying his day off .	neutral
A white-haired man reclines in a seat pad on a boat 's deck , reading a book .	A man drives a boat through the ocean .	contradiction
A young woman with red hear and wearing a bikini top is standing with her hands together above her head , while three other people stand directly behind her with their arms in different positions , making the woman in front look as if she has many arms .	Four young people are lined up behind another and they are holding their arms out so it looks like the arms all belong to the first person , a red haired woman in a bikini top .	entailment
A young woman with red hear and wearing a bikini top is standing with her hands together above her head , while three other people stand directly behind her with their arms in different positions , making the woman in front look as if she has many arms .	Four people are lined up one behind another and they are holding their arms out so it looks like the arms all belong to the first person , a red haired woman in a bikini top .	entailment
A boy in an orange shirt sells fruit from a street cart .	A boy works his fathers street cart selling fruit .	neutral
A boy in an orange shirt sells fruit from a street cart .	A boy wears a blue shirt and sings in the rain .	contradiction
Many people standing around a silver car with the hood raised while a young girl in a yellow shirt and blue jeans drinks from a bottle .	None of these people can see this car 's engine .	contradiction
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .	A woman and child wade into the low tide ocean water looking for star fish .	neutral
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .	A woman and child play hide and go seek at the park .	contradiction
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock , a small crowd watches .	Several individual and cleaning the ice so they can play curling iron on the ground	neutral
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock , a small crowd watches .	Several male curling players sweeping their path on ice in front of a rock as a small crowd watches .	entailment
A woman watches a child play near a small pool .	A woman snatches a child before the car hits her .	contradiction
An old man is sitting in a chair outside a colorfully painted building .	Elderly man is sitting on a chair in outside of a building	entailment
A young blond child wearing only a diaper sits on a large rock at the edge of a body of water while a large black dog stands in the water nearby .	A dog stands in some water while a diaper wearing kid sits on a rock .	entailment
A young blond child wearing only a diaper sits on a large rock at the edge of a body of water while a large black dog stands in the water nearby .	A black lab stands in some water while a small child sits on a rock .	entailment
a man plays his guitar on the street .	The man is playing his guitar and singing on the street .	neutral
The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .	The man in skates follows the path in front of a building .	entailment
The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .	the man in skates follows a race path	neutral
A woman is pushing her bike with a baby carriage in front .	A woman is going for a ride in the park with her baby .	neutral
A little boy wearing glasses and a t-shirt that says , `` I 'm a Pepper and Dr. Pepper , '' stands looking at an older boy sitting in the grass .	Boy wearing Dr , Pepper shirt watches another boy sitting in grass .	entailment
A man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags , wearing one shoe and no shirt .	A man lies in an alley with a shotgun and a bottle .	neutral
A man with stubble on his face is holding a baby .	The baby is being held by the man with the stubble on his face and is crying	neutral
A man with stubble on his face is holding a baby .	The baby is being held by the man with the stubble on his face	entailment
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk .	A man mowing a lawn by the sidewalk .	entailment
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk .	A man doing snow angels in the grass .	contradiction
A woman wearing a red tank top is preparing food while a man and a woman sit on the other side of the kitchen counter watching her .	A woman prepares food while two people sit on the other side	entailment
A woman wearing a red tank top is preparing food while a man and a woman sit on the other side of the kitchen counter watching her .	A woman prepares food for a newly wed couple	neutral
A woman wearing a red tank top is preparing food while a man and a woman sit on the other side of the kitchen counter watching her .	A woman throws food at a couple	contradiction
A woman in a purple shirt buying food from a street vendor .	A woman buys some fruit from a street vendor .	neutral
A man with a cowboy hat green plaid shirt , jeans , and red boots and chaps rides a bay horse next to a young boy with a cowboy hat and blue shirt , jeans and chaps rides a pony next to him .	A man is riding a motorcycle next to a boy on a bicycle .	contradiction
A man on a bicycle , wearing an all black outfit , looks as though he 's hanging in midair over a bridge .	a man on a bike in all black hangs appears to hang in the air over a bridge	entailment
A man on a bicycle , wearing an all black outfit , looks as though he 's hanging in midair over a bridge .	a man on a bike does a jump on a bridge	entailment
A woman sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera .	A man sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera .	contradiction
A woman sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera .	A man smiles into the camera iwth his dog nearby .	contradiction
A small colorful race car on the track with people in the background in a roped off area .	The car is in a show room	contradiction
A man with a tattoo is wearing sunglasses while holding a small boy .	A man in sunglasses holding a small boy waits to get his first tattoo .	contradiction
A man playing a guitar and a man playing drums	A man playing the guitar with a man who is also playing drums .	entailment
A man playing a guitar and a man playing drums	One man playing the guitar while another plays the drums at a live music event .	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and light blue cap walks by a working scale model of an antique freight train .	an old man walks by a metal train	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and light blue cap walks by a working scale model of an antique freight train .	a guy with a shirt and hat walks past a train	entailment
A woman in a jacket and scarf looking a table that a man in a black shirt is cooking something on .	A man and woman are swimming in the ocean .	contradiction
A woman in a jacket and scarf looking a table that a man in a black shirt is cooking something on .	A man is giving a woman cooking lessons .	neutral
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	A young boy wandering in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	entailment
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	A young man walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	entailment
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	A boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	entailment
Man dog sledding with his child in the icy snow .	Icy snow slowing down a man 's dog sled .	neutral
A young boy carries a green , white , and red flag and walks next to a woman .	The woman is walking next to the boy carrying the flag .	entailment
A young boy carries a green , white , and red flag and walks next to a woman .	The woman walking next to the boy carrying the flag is tall .	neutral
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag .	The woman is swimming with his child at the pool .	contradiction
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag .	A mother is walking with her child who is holding up an american flag .	neutral
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag .	A lady is next to a child who has a flag .	entailment
Young blond girl holding chopsticks looks with red eyes at camera while another girl in the background looks at food .	The girl is alone in the middle of the ocean on top of the moon .	contradiction
Small boy hugged by person in bee costume , blurry urban background .	The boy is hugged by a person in a bear costume .	contradiction
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .	A man in jeans is sitting by a pond throwing bread to ducks .	contradiction
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .	A man in jeans is sitting by a river with large koi fish .	neutral
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog .	There is a man and his dog at the park .	neutral
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area .	The girl is the woman 's daughter .	neutral
The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt .	A child wearing polka dots hold her mom 's hand as they walk to school .	neutral
The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt .	A little girl wearing a red dress holds a woman 's hand .	entailment
A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles .	A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles of his home .	neutral
A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles .	A guy on a roof working on roof tiles .	entailment
A woman in a headscarf and a boy wearing blue look to the right while sitting against a wall .	The woman and the boy are sitting near a wall and each other	neutral
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players .	The dog is a show dog , entertaining the crowd before the game .	neutral
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players .	The woman is standing in line to buy a hot dog .	contradiction
A young man dressed in a black t-shirt , blue jeans and a blue baseball cap performs a skateboarding trick on a granite bench in front of a pharmacy building .	Old men play a peaceful game of chess in the park .	contradiction
There is a woman here in a children 's room , wearing a red vest , with her hand in a fake sharks mouth .	There is a fake shark mouth in the children 's room which the woman in the red vest has her hand in .	entailment
A street vendor in chef 's clothing with a food cart , which has gathered people around it .	A street vendor is selling delicious food to people .	neutral
A street vendor in chef 's clothing with a food cart , which has gathered people around it .	The street vendor is at home cooking dinner .	contradiction
A man in a denim shirt and pants is smoking a cigarette while playing a cello for money .	A man in a green shirt is playing the piano .	contradiction
A boy wearing a black shirt is playing a game at the arcade .	A young man is in the game room .	entailment
A teenage boy is standing in front of a game machine in an arcade hall ready to put a token into a coin slot .	A teenage boy is standing in from if a game machine and putting coins in the slot .	entailment
This child is feeding a male deer .	The child feeds an apple to a deer .	neutral
This child is feeding a male deer .	The child gives food to a deer .	entailment
A person in a hooded shirt is photographing a tree near some mountains and a lake .	A person in a hooded shirt runs through a field with guns in both hands .	contradiction
His back facing us , a young man photographs a lovely mountain lake scene under a hazy sky .	A young man photographs a mountain lake scene .	entailment
A young boy plays in the sprinklers , allowing the water to spray completely over his right arm .	The boy is playing baseball at school with his friends .	contradiction
A race car driver with a red suit and colorful helmet drives a car on the street with the number 12 on the front .	A person is driving a race car .	entailment
A man and a woman at a meal , with a dog between them .	A man and woman have a dog between them .	entailment
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade .	A woman raises her hand as she walks in a parade for St. Patrick 's Day .	neutral
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade .	A woman raises her hand as she walks in a parade .	entailment
A woman with a pink tank top and two different shoes poses for a picture with another woman wearing a purple wig , black cowboy hat , american flag bikini and high heeled boots .	A woman with a black tank top poses for a picture .	contradiction
A woman with a pink tank top and two different shoes poses for a picture with another woman wearing a purple wig , black cowboy hat , american flag bikini and high heeled boots .	A woman with a pink tank top poses for a picture .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt leans on a wall beside a road with a blue van and red car with water in the background .	The man in the blue shirt is sitting on a bench	contradiction
A child poses his head through a hole in a painted wall .	The child is putting his head through a hole in the wall .	entailment
A little child is looking towards someone while their head is in a painting designed like a bean .	A child has fallen at an art museum as a man helps him up .	contradiction
Woman in light blue knit hat and light blue zippered jacket kneels in front of a bowl of liquid and small bottle .	A woman in a jacket kneels by a bowl and small bottle .	entailment
Woman in light blue knit hat and light blue zippered jacket kneels in front of a bowl of liquid and small bottle .	A woman in shorts smears dirt on the wall .	contradiction
A boy in dark blue clothes is kneeling while holding a toy .	The boy in dark clothes is playing with his toy on the floor .	entailment
The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man riding a bike .	The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man driving a car	contradiction
The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man riding a bike .	The police officer riding a horse is giving a man a ticket .	neutral
A woman in a poky dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city .	A lady in a polka dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city .	entailment
A young girl in pink pants and a white top stands watering a group of household plants in her driveway , standing next to the family car .	A girl is spray painting the plants pink to match her pants .	contradiction
A woman in a black coat is riding her bike on a street as a man in shorts and a striped top looks at her as he passes her .	A man is checking out a woman as she rides by on her red bike .	entailment
A woman in a black coat is riding her bike on a street as a man in shorts and a striped top looks at her as he passes her .	A woman on a bike passes by a man .	entailment
A man and woman dance together .	A man and woman dance .	entailment
A man and woman dance together .	A man and woman dance together to their favorite song .	neutral
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower .	A young woman is in a field with a cat .	contradiction
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower .	A young boy is in a field with a lawn mower .	entailment
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower .	A boy is in an overgrown field with a toy .	entailment
A woman with red dyed hair standing and walking with her purse among a group of seated people .	The woman is trying to get to her seat next to the group of seated people .	neutral
A man in an orange hat and brown jacket and pants running on snow in snowshoes .	a man running with snowshoes on the snow looking for the lost girl	neutral
A boy in sandals is looking at a camera in a busy street .	A boy is in a busy street , wearing sandals , looking at a camera	entailment
A man wearing a blue shirt with black stripes and a woman who is wearing a white jacket are walking down a narrow pathway	A man and a woman are seated on a blanket underneath a large oak tree .	contradiction
A man wearing a blue shirt with black stripes and a woman who is wearing a white jacket are walking down a narrow pathway	A man and a woman are walking side by side down a narrow path underneath the stars .	neutral
A man wearing a blue shirt with black stripes and a woman who is wearing a white jacket are walking down a narrow pathway	A man in blue and a woman in white are walking down a path .	entailment
A person on a brown horse wearing jeans , a plaid shirt , and a cowboy hat attempts to lasso a running calf .	A person on a white horse and red shirt and baseball hat attempts to lasso a running calf	contradiction
A small boat carrying at least one passenger floats in the water near a dock around sunset .	A little boat is carrying at least one passenger as it floats in the water near a dock around sunset .	entailment
A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest .	The man is riding a 12-speed bike and wearing orange shirt and white shorts .	neutral
A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest .	The man is pushing his bike down the road	contradiction
A mountain biker clad in protective gear clears a small dirt mound on a track while an audience watches .	A biker leaps over a clad at a mountain bike show .	neutral
A woman holding a purse reaches up to grab the hands of a performer dressed as the statue of liberty wearing sunglasses .	A man is ignoring a homeless woman who is begging on the street in the rain .	contradiction
A little girl and lady wearing face paint and costumes are among others holding orange balloons and an event .	A mom and her little girl are getting their faces painted at a local street fair and carnival .	neutral
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food .	A man standing at a dinner table looking at his family .	contradiction
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food .	A man standing at a kitchen counter looking at food that he made .	neutral
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food .	A man standing at a kitchen counter looking at food .	entailment
A couple of travelers in a train station .	Some travelers are at a train station waiting for their train to arrive .	neutral
A man and woman , she 's dressed all in white , he has a white shirt , holding hands while walking	A man is stabbing a woman in the alley .	contradiction
A costumed man stands tall above a crowd of his contemporaries in the midst of a party in a white room , furnished with overhead lights and a gray-scale painting on the wall behind him .	Someone is dressed in a costume and stands in white room , and with the wall behind .	entailment
A costumed man stands tall above a crowd of his contemporaries in the midst of a party in a white room , furnished with overhead lights and a gray-scale painting on the wall behind him .	A person is dressed in a costume and stands in a white room with a painting on the wall .	entailment
A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it .	The boy can do a double flip on his bike .	neutral
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .	There person is holding a picture of their own face .	entailment
A smiling baby wearing a striped shirt , held by a woman with gray hair .	A baby is high fiving his friend who throws him a banana .	contradiction
A lady in a black shirt is standing in a crowd with a rolled up piece of paper in her hands .	The lady in a black shirt has a piece of paper filled with lyrics in her hands .	neutral
A graying man with glasses is standing in back of a barber 's chair in a seemingly empty barber shop .	A man is sitting in a barber 's chair inside an empty barber shop .	contradiction
A man in a black , white , and red uniform is holding yellow ski poles and racing or preparing to race .	A man is revving his dirt bike , ready for his race .	contradiction
A young child is looking at a commuter train station from the train seat .	The child is on a train seat .	entailment
The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond .	A girl is swinging toward the water to jump in .	neutral
man in white shirt and striped shorts playing organ being observed by man wearing yellow shirt	A man in a shirt and shorts plays an organ and observes by someone else .	entailment
A woman on vacation enjoying a vanilla ice cream cone .	A woman is eating ice cream on the beach .	neutral
A woman on vacation enjoying a vanilla ice cream cone .	A woman is putting ice cream in her shoe .	contradiction
A rather tall man and a woman wearing a red top and blue jeans waiting at on the sidewalk .	The man and woman are standing next to a road .	entailment
A race car speeding on the track .	A race car has stalled along the track .	contradiction
A race car speeding on the track .	A race car is winning the race .	neutral
A red and white race car rounds the curve on a racing track .	The cars are going around a curve and can see the finish line .	neutral
A man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood .	The man waved at the camera for the photographer .	neutral
A man drags a young boy in swim trunks into the surf at what appears to be a beach in a tropical location .	A man and boy are in a body of water .	entailment
Blue race car raises dust cloud on road as spectators take photos .	A race at a dirt track .	neutral
A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her .	A child plays with a dog in a field .	contradiction
A very young child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball in a large pile of snow .	A child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball in a large pile of snow .	entailment
Brunette man play saxophone in a busy outdoor shopping center as people look on , he wears a camouflage jacket and saxophone is gold .	A man playing a guitar on a desolate street corner .	contradiction
A woman in a kitchen holds a can surrounded by bowls .	The woman is cooking dinner .	neutral
A young girl throws sand toward the ocean .	The girl is tossing sand into the ocean	entailment
A girl with a balloon animal in her left hand looks up as a person on stilts leans down to show the girl something .	A girl is holding a balloon animal while a person is showing her something .	entailment
A young man with a plain shirt looking down , with a band and dancing people behind him .	A man looking down at something as a band and dancing people form behind him .	entailment
This car is leaving a dust trail as it travels along a dirt road in a wooded area .	A car is traveling along a dirt road .	entailment
A bridal party assembles outside a stone building .	A bridal party gets together outside a stone building during the weekend .	neutral
A bridal party assembles outside a stone building .	A bridal party is bathering outside a stone building .	entailment
The Rockettes perform on the street in front of Radio City Music Hall , as well as next to a cop car .	The car is a food truck .	contradiction
A woman is holding a dog on a leash in front of a small pier .	The woman holds the leash to prevent the little dog chasing the cat	neutral
A woman is riding a bike as a child rides on the back of the bike .	A woman is riding a bike as a kid rides on the back .	entailment
A man in a black shirt holds a smiling baby while another person in a blue shirt stands in the foreground .	A woman holds a happy baby while another person stands nearby .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt holds a smiling baby while another person in a blue shirt stands in the foreground .	A man and a woman are changing a baby 's diaper .	contradiction
A man with a black shirt holds a baby while a blue shirted individual faces them .	A darkly dressed man passes a crying baby to a man in light colored clothes .	contradiction
A man with a black shirt holds a baby while a blue shirted individual faces them .	A man sits all alone on a park bench , arms folded .	contradiction
A man with a black shirt holds a baby while a blue shirted individual faces them .	One person faces another person who 's holding a baby .	entailment
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .	A man in a black hat spending time with his dog beneth tree in a park .	neutral
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .	A man sits in a chair as his dog sleeps beside him .	contradiction
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .	A man in blue playing with his dog outside in a park .	entailment
A man cooks chicken on the grill , while others enjoy food in the background .	A man in a chef hat cooks chicken on a red grill , while other men are eating and giving thumbs up in the background .	neutral
While drinking a coupe of Red Stripe beers , a man with a gray t-shirt speaks to another man wearing a blue button up shirt .	While drinking beer a man is dancing with another man	contradiction
A young girl wearing a blue , flowered , spaghetti strap dress is eating marshmallows on a stick while sitting in a bucket of water .	a silly girl plays near a water bucket	neutral
A man in a hat is riding a motorized skateboard .	The guy with a hat is using a skateboard .	entailment
A man drives a motorcycle , with a woman in an orange sari and a young girl in a blue dress riding in the backseat .	The man is taking his wife and daughter on a motorcycle trip .	neutral
A woman is holding a cake frosted with chocolate-colored frosting and decorated with orange and yellow stars in front of a boy with blond-hair .	A woman is holding a fresh baked cherry pie in front of a girl in a party dress .	contradiction
A woman is holding a cake frosted with chocolate-colored frosting and decorated with orange and yellow stars in front of a boy with blond-hair .	A woman has baked a chocolate frosted cake for the boys birthday .	neutral
A woman in a white dress with one leg stops to read a poster .	A lady wearing white who only has one leg has stopped to read a poster .	entailment
A woman in a white dress with one leg stops to read a poster .	A woman in a white dress had her leg amputated and has stopped to read a poster showing a wheelchair .	neutral
A woman in a white dress with one leg stops to read a poster .	A lady in a white dress runs past a poster .	contradiction
A smiling young man is standing indoors with his left foot on a blue-wheeled child 's scooter and his right foot on a yellow-wheeled child 's scooter .	The young man is standing on his scooter and his little brothers scooter simultaneously .	neutral
A man in a black jacket plays a black electric guitar and sings .	A man is playing whose is in a band is playing an electric guitar .	neutral
A man is photographing a small staked camel and a woman is trying to walk past it .	A man and a woman are riding a camel .	contradiction
A girl wearing a maroon shirt leaps into the air while in the woods .	A girl leaps up to pick a fruit from a tree in the woods .	neutral
A japanese person with bleached blond-hair set in a design with spikes , wearing a black leather jacket .	The Japanese man in a denim jacket has straight black hair .	contradiction
A japanese person with bleached blond-hair set in a design with spikes , wearing a black leather jacket .	The Japanese person with spiky blond hair wearing a jacket .	entailment
A young boy in a cowboy hat and holding some food sits in the back of a small vehicle while an adult leans over in the background next to a large blue device displaying the words 99 % Angel .	A young boy in a cowboy hat is holding some food .	entailment
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .	A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a path near another dog .	entailment
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .	A brown dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another brown dog .	neutral
An old bearded man plays a hand flute on the side of a sidewalk .	An old bearded man plays a board game on the side of a sidewalk .	contradiction
A group of people walking in a line through the snow toward a mountain .	group of people walking the snow toward a mountain	entailment
A girl in a child 's swimming pool .	A girl playing water polo in the pool .	neutral
A man wearing black clothing is standing at an empty table that has water glasses and papers strewn about .	A man wearing black clothing is standing around at an empty table that has water glasses and papers strewn about .	entailment
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog .	A man is bitten by a dog while training the dog .	entailment
Seven women stand and sit around a waters edge and one of them women sitting in the middle with her bare feet in the water drinks from a water bottle .	A woman is drinking from her water bottle with her feet in the water .	entailment
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans , wearing a black helmet , pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube .	The man is drinking water after riding a bicycle .	neutral
Grading and pricing fish in an open air fish market .	A child stares at a fish tank as guppies and goldfish swim by .	contradiction
A man in a white shirt waves his hand under a white and blue umbrella .	A man is standing on his head under water .	contradiction
A man in a white shirt waves his hand under a white and blue umbrella .	A man wearing a white shirt under an umbrella is waving .	entailment
A man in a white shirt waves his hand under a white and blue umbrella .	A man sitting under an umbrella on the beach is waving at others .	neutral
A little asian girl in pigtails is building with wood and painting with colored markers .	a young oriental girl is building and painting	entailment
A little asian girl in pigtails is building with wood and painting with colored markers .	a young girl is building and painting for her mother	neutral
Three people are taking a photograph of a young woman sitting in the middle of the street .	Hundreds of squirrels working together to imitate human photographers tap dance for a woman they believe is actually a pile of acorns wearing a wig .	contradiction
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .	The man is trying to see his phone in the sun .	neutral
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .	The man is in the hat is driving past a busy sidewalk .	contradiction
A crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera .	People are turned away from the camera looking at a parade in the street .	neutral
A sunny street with a red building , parked cars , and a man walking down the road .	A man is sitting on a park bench .	contradiction
A man carrying a bag from a stick is walking down the sidewalk .	A man is walking to the train station .	neutral
A boy and dog are on the lawn outside of the house and in front of the flower bed .	A boy and his dog walk through the lawn looking for toys .	neutral
A boy and dog are on the lawn outside of the house and in front of the flower bed .	A girl and her mother walk to the car .	contradiction
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him .	The people at the park are not impressed with the dog playing Frisbee , as misses the catch .	neutral
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him .	There 's a crowd of people at the park , and a big dog gets in into the act , catching a Frisbee in its mouth .	entailment
A man in a red shirt is being serviced by a working old woman in a store .	A lady waits on a man in the general store .	neutral
A man and woman sit on a dock looking out over the water on an overcast day .	The man and woman are a couple .	neutral
City workers in bright yellow and green safety suits haul a stack of traffic cones through the snow and past the tree trunk .	There has been so much snow that the city had to buy more traffic cones .	neutral
A gentleman carrying the 2012 Olympic torch being follow by a car on a people lined street .	a man carries the 2012 olympic torch down a street while a person in a car tries to pass him	neutral
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .	The tiny white car with the Obama bumper sticker was almost hit by the train , however , the car managed to barely avoid the collision .	neutral
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .	The people driving the van were tailgating at the stadium .	contradiction
A man wearing a light blue robe-style jacket is sitting on a street corner playing a musical instrument .	The man was playing the guitar on the street .	neutral
A man wearing a light blue robe-style jacket is sitting on a street corner playing a musical instrument .	The man in the jacket sat on the street playing an instrument .	entailment
An old woman in a green and blue plaid shirt is standing on a crowded sidewalk smiling .	A woman watching a street performer play guitar .	neutral
An old woman in a green and blue plaid shirt is standing on a crowded sidewalk smiling .	A woman in a plaid shirt smiling on a crowded sidewalk	entailment
A view from a hidden camera at a low height shows a man and a woman standing under an umbrella mounted on the back of a three wheeled bicycle with a cart on the back .	A man and a woman stand under an umbrella .	entailment
A group of people is gathered around a table of food with their arms around each other .	A group of people are gather around a meeting room table .	neutral
A group of people is gathered around a table of food with their arms around each other .	A group of people are around a food of table .	entailment
A man and a woman are sitting at a table outside , next to a small flower garden .	The woman is having lunch with another woman .	contradiction
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .	A man is ordering a coffee from a barista at a cafe .	contradiction
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .	A man with a blue cap on is performing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd of people .	neutral
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .	A person with a skateboard is performing a trick on a ramp near some people .	entailment
A young girl with blue and pink ribbons in her braids , without a top and a woman with a white t-shirt and a zebra skirt wading in a public water fountain .	A young mother tries to grab her topless child from a water foutain before she attracts attention	neutral
