A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event held in the city of Angeles	A woman drinks her coffee in a small cafe .	contradiction
A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event held in the city of Angeles	A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event while people wait in line behind him .	neutral
A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a garage-like structure painted with geometric designs .	A man is repainting a garage	neutral
A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a garage-like structure painted with geometric designs .	A man is wearing a blue shirt	entailment
A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a garage-like structure painted with geometric designs .	A man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
Under a blue sky with white clouds , a child reaches up to touch the propeller of a plane standing parked on a field of grass .	A child is reaching to touch the propeller of a plane .	entailment
A woman is doing a cartwheel while wearing a bikini in the sand next to the beach .	A woman is doing a cartwheel and falls on her head .	contradiction
A young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball	boy leaving baseball game	neutral
A young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball	boy in field	entailment
A young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball	dog in pool	contradiction
Families waiting in line at an amusement park for their turn to ride .	People are waiting in line at a restaurant .	contradiction
A senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .	A person waits to be served his food .	entailment
A senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .	A man is waiting in line for the bus .	contradiction
A senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .	A man is looking to order a grilled cheese sandwich .	neutral
At an outdoor event in an Asian-themed area , a crowd congregates as one person in a yellow Chinese dragon costume confronts the camera .	A single man is next to a camera	contradiction
A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .	A white dog with long hair is swimming underwater .	contradiction
A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .	An animal is jumping to catch an object .	entailment
A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .	A white chihuahua mix with long curly hair is jumping to catch a red and green toy bone .	neutral
A man in a black shirt is playing golf outside .	The man in the black shirt trades Pokemon cards with his girlfriend .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt is playing golf outside .	The man wearing the black shirt plays a game of golf .	entailment
An Indian woman is washing and cleaning dirty laundry at a lake and in the background is a kid who appears to have jumped into the lake .	An Indian woman is doing her laundry in a lake .	entailment
An Indian woman is washing and cleaning dirty laundry at a lake and in the background is a kid who appears to have jumped into the lake .	An Indian woman is putting her laundry into the machine .	contradiction
An Indian woman is washing and cleaning dirty laundry at a lake and in the background is a kid who appears to have jumped into the lake .	An Indian woman is doing laundry for her son in the lake .	neutral
A group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head .	A boy does a card trick .	contradiction
The middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf .	Only one woman is wearing a head scarf .	contradiction
A taxi SUV drives past an urban construction site , as a man walks down the street in the other direction .	A taxi SUV races to pick up some clients while a man walks peacefully in the other direction .	neutral
People wearing red shirts are standing in a large pool of water as it splashes over and around them .	A person in a shirt	entailment
People wearing red shirts are standing in a large pool of water as it splashes over and around them .	A tall person in a shirt	neutral
A man in a white t-shirt takes a picture in the middle of the street with two public buses in the background .	A man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
A man in a white t-shirt takes a picture in the middle of the street with two public buses in the background .	A man is wearing a white shirt	entailment
A pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her .	A woman is sick in bed .	contradiction
A pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her .	A woman is making music .	entailment
A pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her .	A lady is participating in a talent show .	neutral
A little boy in a blue shirt holding a toy .	Boy dressed in red lighting things on fire .	contradiction
A woman is writing something on a post-it note which is hanging on a bulletin board with a lot of other post-it notes .	The woman is talking on the phone .	contradiction
A woman is writing something on a post-it note which is hanging on a bulletin board with a lot of other post-it notes .	The woman is writing a note .	entailment
A girl swings high in the air .	A girl is laying in the pool	contradiction
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on the steps outside , reading a magazine .	The man is reading tips on how to be a better boy friend .	neutral
A person powerwashing stairs leading down to a pool .	a dog chases a cat	contradiction
A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean .	A person is falling off his bike .	contradiction
A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean .	A person is on a boat .	contradiction
A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean .	A person is on a beach .	entailment
A group of people prepare hot air balloons for takeoff .	There are hot air balloons on the ground and air .	neutral
A man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .	The man is wearing a blue shirt .	contradiction
Colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road , with onlookers behind a barricade .	A group of people walking down a road .	entailment
A woman is talking on the phone while standing next to a dog .	A woman is walking her dog .	neutral
A woman is talking on the phone while standing next to a dog .	A woman is on the phone .	entailment
Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing t-shirt and smiling .	The boy is crouching down to take a picture .	neutral
Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing t-shirt and smiling .	The young boy has a camera .	entailment
A young boy playing in the grass .	There is a child in the grass .	entailment
A young boy playing in the grass .	The boy is in the sand .	contradiction
A man and a woman are looking at produce on display .	A man and woman are looking at produce .	entailment
A man and a woman are talking in a park	A man and woman are talking in the aquarium .	contradiction
A man and a woman are talking in a park	The couple discuss their financial future in the park .	neutral
A small ice cream stand with two people standing near it .	Two people selling ice cream from a car .	contradiction
A small ice cream stand with two people standing near it .	Two people standing outside an ice cream stand .	entailment
A small ice cream stand with two people standing near it .	Two people in line to buy icecream .	neutral
Two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street .	The two men are cooking food for the block party .	neutral
A man wandering in the desert as the clouds roll in .	A man fights dead mummy 's who magically came alive in the desert .	contradiction
A man wandering in the desert as the clouds roll in .	A man wonders in the desert .	entailment
A man wandering in the desert as the clouds roll in .	A man and a camel wonder in the desert .	neutral
A lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd .	A woman is near a group of people .	entailment
A white-haired man with a mustache and glasses in a business suit stands outside at a podium marked with the seal of the US House of Representatives , surrounded by many people , with a columned building behind him .	The man is sitting in a chair inside .	contradiction
A man running a marathon talks to his friend .	There are people canoeing down a river .	contradiction
A man running a marathon talks to his friend .	A man and his friend are running a marathon together .	neutral
A lot of people walking outside a row of shops with an older man with his hands in his pocket is closer to the camera .	A lot of people walking outside a row of shops with a man with hands in his pockets .	entailment
A man waterskies with a life jacket .	The man is enjoying the ocean .	neutral
A group of people sit on benches at a park outside a building .	The people wait for the bus to come .	neutral
A small baby , possibly a newborn is being bathed by a person in blue scrubs wearing protective gloves .	The person bathing the small baby is the mother .	neutral
An asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall .	A woman is selling stuff in a flea market .	neutral
An asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall .	A woman sitting in an indoor market .	contradiction
A middle-aged man is sitting indian style outside holding a folded paper in his hands .	A middle aged man is showing off his origami creation .	neutral
A middle-aged man is sitting indian style outside holding a folded paper in his hands .	A middle aged man is sitting on a stool in a bar .	contradiction
A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork .	The man was watching tv	contradiction
A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork .	A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork	entailment
A young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool .	Mother catching her son in a pool .	neutral
A young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool .	Child leaping into arms of a woman wearing swimsuit in a pool .	entailment
A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .	The child sits in a dark room watching television .	contradiction
A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .	A little girl is playing jump rope .	neutral
A man poses for a photo in front of a Chinese building by jumping .	The man is dancing around the building .	contradiction
A man poses for a photo in front of a Chinese building by jumping .	The man is prepared for his photo .	entailment
A couple bows their head as a man in a decorative robe reads from a scroll in Asia with a black late model station wagon in the background .	A black late model station wagon is in the background .	entailment
A couple bows their head as a man in a decorative robe reads from a scroll in Asia with a black late model station wagon in the background .	A white late model station wagon is in the background .	contradiction
A couple bows their head as a man in a decorative robe reads from a scroll in Asia with a black late model station wagon in the background .	A light black late model station wagon is in the background .	entailment
A man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership .	A man is at a car dealership .	entailment
A man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership .	The man is waiting for his car to be serviced .	neutral
A carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area .	A man stands on one foot with his wife near the beach .	neutral
A carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area .	A man is ouside near the beach .	entailment
A man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums .	A man in a band is playing the drums .	neutral
A man in a black shirt is smiling at a woman in a black shirt what a tattoo and a eye brow ring .	A man is smiling at a woman .	entailment
A man in a black shirt is smiling at a woman in a black shirt what a tattoo and a eye brow ring .	A man is reading a book alone .	contradiction
Three elephants , each carrying a group of people , walking through the water .	Three elephants carry people through the water .	entailment
A man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background .	There is a man and a boy outside .	entailment
A man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background .	There is a kid skateboarding and a bearded man on a bike .	contradiction
A man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background .	There is a man with a gray beard skateboarding .	neutral
A young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft .	A young boy and his friend admire the vintage aircraft .	neutral
A young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft .	A young boy swims in his pool .	contradiction
A young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft .	A young boy and an airplane .	entailment
A restaurant front line , with a warmer in the front and a person in a red Coca Cola shirt cooking .	The person is cooking a hamburger .	neutral
A restaurant front line , with a warmer in the front and a person in a red Coca Cola shirt cooking .	A person is wearing a Coca Cola shirt .	entailment
A woman walks by a brick building that 's covered with graffiti .	The woman is in the bathroom .	contradiction
A woman walks by a brick building that 's covered with graffiti .	The woman 's son drew some of the graffiti .	neutral
Young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings .	A young girl faces the camera .	entailment
Young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings .	An old woman refuses to have her picture taken .	contradiction
Young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings .	A young girl faces the camera while holding a lunch bag .	neutral
Three men in a science lab watch one of them hold a burning object , one man on the side is reaching for the ground .	The men in the science lab are performing a science experiment on fruit flies .	neutral
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .	the animal is a puppy	neutral
A man in a blue shirt , jumping down a hill in a park .	A man is down a park	entailment
A small group of children are standing in a classroom and one of them has a foot in a trashcan , which also has a rope leading out of it .	There is a child with their foot in a garbage can near some other kids in a classroom .	entailment
A small group of children are standing in a classroom and one of them has a foot in a trashcan , which also has a rope leading out of it .	A man looks at his watch at a bus stop .	contradiction
A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .	A boy jumping through the air .	entailment
A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .	A guy swimming in the pool .	contradiction
A man in a blue windbreaker jacket , laying face down on a park bench , with a liquor bottle nestled by one of the bench 's legs .	A Black man is passed out on a park bench from drinking .	neutral
A man in a blue windbreaker jacket , laying face down on a park bench , with a liquor bottle nestled by one of the bench 's legs .	A man lays face down on a park bench .	entailment
A man in a blue windbreaker jacket , laying face down on a park bench , with a liquor bottle nestled by one of the bench 's legs .	A man is dancing at the club popping bottles .	contradiction
A woman is using clothespins to hang up laundry outside on a laundry line .	A woman is hanging her laundry in the sun .	neutral
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .	The boy is walking across the field with his dog .	contradiction
Woman wearing a white donkey costume while talking to a man .	A woman is dancing near a fire .	contradiction
Woman wearing a white donkey costume while talking to a man .	A woman is wearing a Halloween costume .	neutral
A boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window .	Two kids are looking in a store window .	entailment
A person in a blue plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard .	The person is reading a book .	contradiction
This mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble , and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat .	The family is driving safe and sound while the little girl is asleep .	contradiction
This mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble , and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat .	The car that belongs to the family is having issues .	entailment
This mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble , and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat .	The mother , daughter , and granddaughter are out in the middle of the day .	neutral
A large group of people are gathered outside of a brick building lit with spotlights .	The building is brick .	entailment
A woman holds her child out of a red window , next to a Color TV sign .	The TV holds a woman who holds a child .	contradiction
a man is swimming inside of a pool	the person is in the water playing .	neutral
a man is swimming inside of a pool	there is a man in a pool .	entailment
A hispanic fruit market with many different fruits and vegetables in view on a city street with a man passing the store dressed in dark pants and a hoodie .	A fruit market is selling vegetables	entailment
A hispanic fruit market with many different fruits and vegetables in view on a city street with a man passing the store dressed in dark pants and a hoodie .	A fruit market and a man	entailment
A hispanic fruit market with many different fruits and vegetables in view on a city street with a man passing the store dressed in dark pants and a hoodie .	A fish market is on the docks	contradiction
A black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water .	The dog is wearing a clown suit .	contradiction
A black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water .	The dog is in the water .	entailment
A man jumping sideways in the ocean .	A man sits in a hotel lobby .	contradiction
A man jumping sideways in the ocean .	A man jumps in the ocean .	entailment
A man jumping sideways in the ocean .	The man is enjoying a vacation at a beach resort and decides to take a swim in the ocean .	neutral
A woman with a bright red umbrella is jumping high in the air , she has on a knit hat and black shirt and colorful boots .	A woman in black is jumping in the air with a red umbrella .	entailment
A woman with a bright red umbrella is jumping high in the air , she has on a knit hat and black shirt and colorful boots .	A woman in black high heels is walking down a large staircase .	contradiction
A woman with a bright red umbrella is jumping high in the air , she has on a knit hat and black shirt and colorful boots .	A woman in colorful boots is jumping over a large puddle in the street .	neutral
A teenage girl in winter clothes slides down a decline in a red sled .	A girl is on a beach with a blue sled .	contradiction
A dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees .	A dog is in a grassy field filled with trees .	entailment
A dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees .	A dog is sleeping in a grassy field surrounded by trees .	contradiction
A man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose .	The man and girl are painting the walls .	contradiction
A man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose .	A man holding a drill stands next to a girl holding a vacuum hose .	entailment
A man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose .	The man and girl are doing some home maintenance .	neutral
A woman is looking into a mirror , brushing her hair .	A woman is brushing her hair .	entailment
A little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye .	A baby points at her green eye .	contradiction
A little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye .	A baby is playing in the mud .	neutral
A couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .	A man and woman pose for engagement photos .	neutral
A man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope .	A man looking into a microscope in a lab	entailment
A man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope .	A man is on job in the lab	neutral
A man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope .	A man is sleeping in the park bench	contradiction
An indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .	A man fell into the swimming pool .	contradiction
An indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .	A man is heading to his house of worship .	entailment
Young man walking dog	The man is walking his cat .	contradiction
Young man walking dog	The man is training the dog .	neutral
Young man walking dog	The man is with his dog .	entailment
A woman in a patterned shirt hands a plate of food to another woman in an apron , while two women work in the background .	Upstanding citizens work at a soup kitchen to benefit the hungry .	neutral
A woman in a patterned shirt hands a plate of food to another woman in an apron , while two women work in the background .	Several women collaborate to hand out food .	entailment
a large house with three stories and 3 matching balconies , with one person standing on each balcony overlooking onlookers .	The house is by the beach .	neutral
One woman with a dark coat on walking by herself in a city .	The woman is walking on a sidewalk .	neutral
One woman with a dark coat on walking by herself in a city .	The woman is standing in a building .	contradiction
A man with a hat , boots , and brown pants , is playing the violin outside in front of a black structure .	A homeless man has stolen a child 's violin in order to fulfill his fantasy of joining the London Symphony Orchestra .	contradiction
A crowd of people are watching hot air balloons inflate .	One person watching a plane prepare for a sky diving trip .	contradiction
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .	The girl is wearing a hat .	entailment
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .	The girl and woman are inside .	contradiction
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .	The girl is related to the woman .	neutral
A man and women are dancing together on the street .	A man and woman are dancing together in the rain .	neutral
A man and women are dancing together on the street .	A man and woman are dancing together .	entailment
A brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet , with a green object in the foreground .	The dog has his favorite toy next to him as he lay down .	neutral
A girl with brown hair and a brown shirt is building a gingerbread house .	The girl is going to eat the gingerbread house after she finishes it .	neutral
A girl with brown hair and a brown shirt is building a gingerbread house .	The girl has blonde hair .	contradiction
A girl with brown hair and a brown shirt is building a gingerbread house .	The girl has brown hair .	entailment
A black dog in front of a waterfall .	A dog is in front of a waterfall .	entailment
A black dog in front of a waterfall .	A dog is drinking from a stream .	neutral
A girl in a striped black and white sweater holds on to her friend who is bent over wearing a hooded black sweater and torn blue jeans .	The girl is alone in her bedroom asleep .	contradiction
A girl in a striped black and white sweater holds on to her friend who is bent over wearing a hooded black sweater and torn blue jeans .	The girl is touching her friend .	entailment
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town .	Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor	entailment
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town .	Two girls with straight long brown hair sit on the floor	neutral
Man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building .	A man is handing a plastic bag to a group of children .	entailment
Man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building .	A man in civilian clothes hands a bag to a group of children .	contradiction
A man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds .	The man and woman sitting under the blue sky are having a good time .	neutral
A man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds .	The man and woman are sitting at home .	contradiction
Two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together , facing towards the water and away from the camera .	One lady is teaching another lady how to do a downward dog pose .	neutral
Two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together , facing towards the water and away from the camera .	Two people are jogging on a path through a tunnel .	contradiction
People in a grocery store crowd around to watch a Tv , except one man who walks toward the camera .	The people are crowded around a street performer .	contradiction
People in a grocery store crowd around to watch a Tv , except one man who walks toward the camera .	The people are watching a soccer game .	neutral
People in a grocery store crowd around to watch a Tv , except one man who walks toward the camera .	There is a man walking towards a camera .	entailment
A black man , wearing a cap , is sitting in a bus .	A guy fastens his seatbelt before he starts his car .	contradiction
A black man , wearing a cap , is sitting in a bus .	A guy is headed home after a visit to the doctor 's office .	neutral
A happy boy is jumping in front OD city fountain .	The boy is standing still in the fountain .	contradiction
A happy boy is jumping in front OD city fountain .	There is a boy near a fountain .	entailment
A boy walking away from two Camden tents with a group of people behind him .	A person building a tent	contradiction
A man and a woman hug on a grassy hillside overlooking the countryside in the distance .	The man and woman are a couple .	neutral
A man and a woman hug on a grassy hillside overlooking the countryside in the distance .	The man and woman are outdoors .	entailment
A man and a woman hug on a grassy hillside overlooking the countryside in the distance .	The man and woman are at a skating rink .	contradiction
A man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart .	father and son watching television at home	contradiction
A man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart .	a man eating with a young boy on a city sidewalk	entailment
A man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart .	father is eating with his son on a city sidewalk	neutral
A young blond girl dressed in pink is lying on the floor next to some brown dominoes .	a bird eats a frog	contradiction
Theses people is taking a picture of a pink pig lying on the ground .	These people are photographing a pig on the ground .	entailment
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .	A woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .	entailment
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .	A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car for instagram .	neutral
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .	A brunette woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .	contradiction
A woman in a gray shirt working on papers at her desk .	Young lady busy with her work in office	neutral
A girl is using an apple laptop with her headphones in her ears .	While listening to classical music through her headphones the girl work on her computer	neutral
A girl is using an apple laptop with her headphones in her ears .	with headphones on the girl used a computer	entailment
A girl is using an apple laptop with her headphones in her ears .	Working at her Dell Window 7 computer the girl talked on speaker phone with her friend	contradiction
A boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background .	A boy is school .	contradiction
A man is jumping unto his filthy bed .	The man is on the moon .	contradiction
Multiple women are wearing middle eastern outfits of gold , blue , yellow and red and performing a dance .	The woman is alone and asleep in her canoe on the moon .	contradiction
a couple is walking down the sidewalk with their dog .	A couple is walking their dog to the market .	neutral
a couple is walking down the sidewalk with their dog .	A couple is outside with their dog .	entailment
a couple is walking down the sidewalk with their dog .	A couple is walking their cat to the vet .	contradiction
Taller runner in orange and smaller one in blue run side by side around track in crowded stadium .	Two people are running together in the stadium .	entailment
Taller runner in orange and smaller one in blue run side by side around track in crowded stadium .	The people are laying in the grass at the park .	contradiction
man grilling fish on barbecue	The man is cooking fish .	entailment
man grilling fish on barbecue	The man is sailing a boat .	contradiction
man grilling fish on barbecue	The man likes to eat fish .	neutral
A young woman seated at a table on what appears to be a backyard deck holds a toddler , giving him a toy or bottle of some sort , while smiling into the camera .	The woman is changing the boy 's diaper .	contradiction
A woman is standing near the water , looks to be throwing something .	The man is standing near the water .	contradiction
A woman is standing near the water , looks to be throwing something .	A woman is close to the water .	entailment
A man dressed in bright colored clothing is sitting on a chair on the sidewalk playing an instrument for cash .	The man is singing on the street corner for money .	neutral
A man dressed in bright colored clothing is sitting on a chair on the sidewalk playing an instrument for cash .	The man is dancing in the park .	contradiction
A young blond woman with braided pigtails and wearing blue biking gear is bicycle racing along a dirt track .	A young blond girl is riding a bike .	entailment
A young blond woman with braided pigtails and wearing blue biking gear is bicycle racing along a dirt track .	A young blond girl is laying in bed .	contradiction
A young blond woman with braided pigtails and wearing blue biking gear is bicycle racing along a dirt track .	A young blond girl is in the lead for a cross country bicycle race .	neutral
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .	The little boy is taking the bus to school .	contradiction
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .	The party boy is playing in a puddle .	entailment
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .	The little boy is doing a dance in the puddle .	neutral
A young girl kisses a ring-bearing boy at a wedding .	A boy turns his head away as a girl tries to kiss him .	neutral
A man with black pants on walks by a wall with unique art painted on it .	A man is in an art museum .	neutral
A girl in a pink tank top and her boyfriend sitting on stone steps .	A boy and girl are kissing .	neutral
A girl in a pink tank top and her boyfriend sitting on stone steps .	Some people are sitting on stone steps talking .	neutral
A girl in a pink tank top and her boyfriend sitting on stone steps .	A girl is sitting on stone steps in a pink tank top with her boyfriend .	entailment
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .	A woman riding around the park on a sunny day	neutral
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .	A woman cycling around in the park	entailment
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .	A woman jogging around the park	contradiction
A well built black man stands in the subway , listening to headphones .	A man with headphones on is standing in a subway .	entailment
A well built black man stands in the subway , listening to headphones .	A man is dancing for tips on the street .	contradiction
A well built black man stands in the subway , listening to headphones .	A man listens to music while waiting for the train .	entailment
A woman is holding a baby by a window .	There is a baby in the picture .	entailment
A woman is holding a baby by a window .	The woman is looking out the window .	neutral
A man and woman are sitting at a table in front of a sign that reads IL PORTO and two wine bottles and two wineglasses are on the table .	Two people participate in a wine tasting .	neutral
A man wearing a red and white Canadian uniform is riding a racing bike in an arena .	A man is driving a boat .	contradiction
A woman wearing a white baseball cap purple coat holding a poster .	A woman with no hat sits in the stands .	contradiction
A woman wearing a white baseball cap purple coat holding a poster .	A woman is holding a poster , rooting for her favorite team .	neutral
A woman wearing a white baseball cap purple coat holding a poster .	A woman with a hat holding a poster .	entailment
A boy rides on a camel in a crowded area while talking on his cellphone .	A boy is talking to his mom as he rides the camel .	neutral
A boy rides on a camel in a crowded area while talking on his cellphone .	A boy is riding an animal .	entailment
A boy rides on a camel in a crowded area while talking on his cellphone .	A boy is riding on an elephant through the streets .	contradiction
A caucasian woman in a blue top and black slacks looks off to the side of the camera with a drink in one hand and a amused look upon her face , while a man sits next to her , looking unamused , drink in one hand , straw in the other .	A woman is having a drink with a friend .	neutral
A caucasian woman in a blue top and black slacks looks off to the side of the camera with a drink in one hand and a amused look upon her face , while a man sits next to her , looking unamused , drink in one hand , straw in the other .	The man is eating dinner with his father .	contradiction
A caucasian woman in a blue top and black slacks looks off to the side of the camera with a drink in one hand and a amused look upon her face , while a man sits next to her , looking unamused , drink in one hand , straw in the other .	A man and woman are having drinks in a bar .	neutral
There are three men in this picture , two are on motorbikes , one of the men has a large piece of furniture on the back of his bike , the other is about to be handed a piece of paper by a man in a white shirt .	A man is receiving a piece of paper .	entailment
A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .	A girl is wearing a blue jacket .	contradiction
A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .	A kid is swinging a toy golf club .	entailment
A man wearing a yellow striped shirt laughs while seated next to another man who is wearing a light blue shirt and clasping his hands together .	One man laughs at a funny joke his friend told .	neutral
A young man in a white and pink striped shirt is riding in a horse and buggy down a paved road .	A woman is riding a car	contradiction
A young man in a white and pink striped shirt is riding in a horse and buggy down a paved road .	A man is riding a horse	entailment
A woman wearing gray pants , a white blouse and a black vest is jumping with one hand in the air as she goes through an indoor stadium .	The jumping lady in slacks also has her hand raised .	entailment
A woman wearing gray pants , a white blouse and a black vest is jumping with one hand in the air as she goes through an indoor stadium .	The girl wearing a dress skips down the sidewalk .	contradiction
A brunette woman in a multicolored floral outfit and a pearl necklace is talking while holding a wineglass .	a woman enjoys red wine	neutral
A brunette woman in a multicolored floral outfit and a pearl necklace is talking while holding a wineglass .	a woman holds a glass	entailment
A soldier is handing a picture to a woman holding a Donald Duck bag .	A soldier hands a woman a picture of himself at Disney World .	neutral
A soldier is handing a picture to a woman holding a Donald Duck bag .	A soldier hands a woman a picture .	entailment
A soldier is handing a picture to a woman holding a Donald Duck bag .	A man loads a gun .	contradiction
A young boy in a gray and white striped shirt is playing guitar .	A boy is talking on the phone .	contradiction
A young boy in a gray and white striped shirt is playing guitar .	A little boy is playing guitar on stage .	neutral
A young boy in a gray and white striped shirt is playing guitar .	A kid is playing the guitar .	entailment
A man and a girl are both looking at something of interest .	Something catches the eye of a man and girl	entailment
A man and a girl are both looking at something of interest .	A man and his daughter watch dogs play outdoors	neutral
A woman walks on a sidewalk wearing a white dress with a blue plaid pattern .	The woman is walking to buy new clothes .	neutral
There is a large group of people in front of Papa John 's restaurant .	The people are outside of the restaurant .	entailment
A girl climbing a rock face .	A girl sitting at the edge of a cliff .	contradiction
A girl climbing a rock face .	A girl climbing a rock face beside a dirt trail outside .	neutral
A girl climbing a rock face .	A girl climbing a rock face outside .	neutral
A woman in black clothing runs down the street barefoot next to two people on bicycles and a female runner .	The woman is walking down the street with high heels .	contradiction
A woman in black clothing runs down the street barefoot next to two people on bicycles and a female runner .	The woman running down the street is hispanic .	neutral
A man in a Santa Claus costume is sitting on a wooden chair holding a microphone and a stringed instrument .	The man is swimming at the beach .	contradiction
A man in a Santa Claus costume is sitting on a wooden chair holding a microphone and a stringed instrument .	The man is wearing a costume .	entailment
A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall .	A person in red and black near a brick wall .	neutral
A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall .	A person in red and black near a wall .	entailment
A man in a white button up shirt , and a man in a brown button up shirt discussing something over a table of food .	Two men playing a game of darts at a bar .	contradiction
On the sidewalk , near the store 's entrance , a local entertains all , by playing the accordion .	The man is playing a guitar .	contradiction
A man is on the ground taking his shirt off as a crowd watches .	The crowd watches a person take off his shirt .	entailment
A man is on the ground taking his shirt off as a crowd watches .	A male stripper performs for a bachelorette party .	neutral
A black dog is drinking next to a brown and white dog that is looking at an orange ball in the lake , whilst a horse and rider passes behind .	Two dogs near a lake , while a person rides by on a horse .	entailment
A young man in black pants and a gray shirt holds a skateboard with colorful decals upright while sitting on a gray stone block .	The person is seated on a rock .	entailment
A toddler dressed only in a pamper is sitting on the floor playing with 4 `` car '' pieces to a train set .	A child plans out his future train empire .	neutral
A toddler dressed only in a pamper is sitting on the floor playing with 4 `` car '' pieces to a train set .	A child plays with a train set .	entailment
A man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands , a cloudy sky in the background .	The man and woman are physically touching each other .	entailment
A man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands , a cloudy sky in the background .	The man and woman are married .	neutral
A man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands , a cloudy sky in the background .	The man and woman jumped 20 ft into the air .	neutral
Someone in a red and white uniform is driving a red and white motorcycle down a track with the front wheel in the air .	A man does stunts on a motorcycle .	neutral
Someone in a red and white uniform is driving a red and white motorcycle down a track with the front wheel in the air .	A man pops a wheely on a track for onlookers .	neutral
A man in yellow , white , and blue bicycle clothing and helmet grimaces as he rides his bicycle .	A man is riding a bicycle .	entailment
A man in yellow , white , and blue bicycle clothing and helmet grimaces as he rides his bicycle .	A man is racing on his bike .	neutral
Two women playing field hockey on AstroTurf .	Women playing a game of field hockey .	entailment
Two women playing field hockey on AstroTurf .	Women re-sod a field hockey field .	contradiction
A woman wearing a red dress and head covering is standing outside of a building .	A woman is in an airport .	contradiction
A man in his own world of him and his music just entertaining on the street corner .	A man is eating at a local diner .	contradiction
A man in his own world of him and his music just entertaining on the street corner .	A man is enjoying playing music for money .	neutral
A man in his own world of him and his music just entertaining on the street corner .	A man is on a street corner .	entailment
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk .	A man is in a purple bathrobe is inside his home cooking breakfast .	contradiction
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk .	A man is playing an acoustic guitar on the sidewalk while a woman and a man walk down the sidewalk .	neutral
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk .	A man is playing a guitar on the sidewalk and singing .	entailment
A man in a bar drinks from a pitcher while a man in a green hat looks on and a woman in a black shirt drink from a glass .	A child is sitting on a bar stool .	contradiction
Man in brown and red checkered button up shirt and blue jeans makes a male and female laugh .	A couple at a club are laughing at a stand-up comedian dressed like a lumberjack .	neutral
Man in brown and red checkered button up shirt and blue jeans makes a male and female laugh .	A flight attendant is demonstrating airplane safety but no one is paying attention .	contradiction
The man is walking the bride down the aisle .	A guy is participating in a wedding .	entailment
The man is walking the bride down the aisle .	A bride and her father are walking down a church aisle .	neutral
Guy in a dark suit , with a cigarette in his right hand while talking on the phone .	The guy in the suit smoking the cig is on his lunch break .	neutral
Guy in a dark suit , with a cigarette in his right hand while talking on the phone .	The guy has on a suit smoking a cig and talking on the phone .	entailment
A man in apron and latex glove cleaning the desk tables in a theater type auditorium .	The man is spray painting the walls in the auditorium .	contradiction
There are two people running around a track in lane three and the one wearing a blue shirt with a green thing over the eyes is just barely ahead of the guy wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses .	Two people are racing on foot .	neutral
There are two people running around a track in lane three and the one wearing a blue shirt with a green thing over the eyes is just barely ahead of the guy wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses .	Two people drive around a track .	contradiction
There are two people running around a track in lane three and the one wearing a blue shirt with a green thing over the eyes is just barely ahead of the guy wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses .	Two people run around a track .	entailment
A young man and young woman wearing backpacks are placing or removing an item from an old white tree snag , with other people standing or sitting in the background .	a man and woman go hiking	neutral
A young man and young woman wearing backpacks are placing or removing an item from an old white tree snag , with other people standing or sitting in the background .	a man and woman with backpacks	entailment
A surfer is surfing catches a wave .	A surfer walks to the hot dog truck .	contradiction
A surfer is surfing catches a wave .	A surfer catches a wave .	entailment
A surfer is surfing catches a wave .	A surfer is riding a tsunami wave .	neutral
A man sleeping on the ground in a subway .	The man is sitting in his warm house .	contradiction
A man sleeping on the ground in a subway .	The man is sleeping next to his dog .	neutral
A man standing in front of a brick building .	A man is outside with a woman .	neutral
People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses .	People line up behind a one other person .	entailment
Two Children playing baseball at the park .	Two children lighting matches in their room .	contradiction
Two Children playing baseball at the park .	Two children practicing for a ball game in the park .	neutral
A young girl in a white summer dress walks the outer edges of a large park fountain .	The girl is sitting by the fountain .	contradiction
A young girl in a white summer dress walks the outer edges of a large park fountain .	The girl is wearing a white dress .	entailment
An older man sitting on a stool on the sidewalk playing a violin .	A woman performs a comedy routine in a club .	contradiction
An older man sitting on a stool on the sidewalk playing a violin .	An old man plays his violin for tips on the sidewalk .	neutral
An older man sitting on a stool on the sidewalk playing a violin .	An old man plays the violin on the sidewalk .	entailment
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck .	An elderly man is blocking traffic .	neutral
A guy singing on stage with a cool black shirt , while turning his microphone to the audience so they can sing along .	A guy is singing a classic rock song on stage along with the audience .	neutral
An Indian man standing on the bank of a river .	There is a man by the river .	entailment
This photo includes a statue of a man and a woman walking with a blue shirt walking behind it .	A man and woman walking down a busy street .	neutral
This photo includes a statue of a man and a woman walking with a blue shirt walking behind it .	A statue is outdoors in a park .	neutral
A group of people standing in front of a club .	A group of people are waiting to enter the club .	neutral
A group of people standing in front of a club .	A group of people in front of a club .	entailment
A group of people standing in front of a club .	There are seven people leaving the club .	contradiction
Balding man in gray sweater plays with his dog .	A man puts the sweater he knitted on a dog .	contradiction
Balding man in gray sweater plays with his dog .	An older man is throwing a stick for his dog .	neutral
Balding man in gray sweater plays with his dog .	A man is with an animal .	entailment
A man is sitting in a chair and looking at something that he is holding .	A man is sitting in a chair pondering life .	neutral
A guy with long brown curly hair wearing a white t-shirt is looking into the camera with something in his mouth . a	A person with long hair looks at the camera	entailment
The man in black has a condom on his head .	The man is wearing the condom on his foot .	contradiction
The man in black has a condom on his head .	The man is wearing a prophylactic on his head .	entailment
The man in black has a condom on his head .	The man is using a condom as a mask .	neutral
A basset hound is tied to a doorway in an alley in front of a man and woman .	The dog is on the moon .	contradiction
A man in a plaid shirt and brown pants walking around town with one hand in his pocket .	The man has a white dress shirt on .	contradiction
A man napping on the ground with a shirt over his eyes with a person standing beside him .	A man sleeping with a red shirt over his eyes .	neutral
A mom and son enjoying a day in the park .	A mom and son enjoying a day on mars	contradiction
A mom and son enjoying a day in the park .	A mom and son enjoying a sunny day	neutral
A mom and son enjoying a day in the park .	A mom and son enjoying a day	entailment
A child in shorts throws a snowball at a mountain .	A boy is playing in the snow without gloves	neutral
Here is a picture of someone doing diagnostics on a vehicle in the dark .	They are driving the vehicle over a bridge .	contradiction
A guy on a skateboard , jumping off some steps .	a guy with a skateboard making a jump for the first time	neutral
A guy on a skateboard , jumping off some steps .	a guy with a skateboard making a jump	entailment
A guy on a skateboard , jumping off some steps .	a guy on a bike	contradiction
A man and a woman is walking with a dog across a beach	The man and woman are alone .	contradiction
A woman in a long-sleeved shirt checks her phone as a man in a leather jacket passes behind her .	The man is passing by on his way to the store .	neutral
A woman in a long-sleeved shirt checks her phone as a man in a leather jacket passes behind her .	A woman in a short-sleeved shirt .	contradiction
A boy is posing next to his scooter .	A boy just got a scooter for his birthday !	neutral
A boy is posing next to his scooter .	A boy is next to a scooter .	entailment
A boy is posing next to his scooter .	A boy is dancing with his friend .	contradiction
Closeup of an elderly woman walking across a street with her male companion .	A man helps a woman cross the street .	neutral
A man and woman and two small children are sitting in the floor with wrapped Christmas presents .	A man and woman are sitting around Christmas presents .	entailment
Man donned in jeans and football jersey prepares a meal complete with mean and beer , at his kitchen counter as the sunlight pours in from the kitchen window .	A young man is preparing a seafood lunch .	neutral
A man and woman are pictured from behind sitting close together on a couch while they play Nintendo DS	A pair of people walk the dog on the sidewalk .	contradiction
A man and his two sons purchase food .	They are cooking a big meal for dinner .	neutral
A man is navigating a boat .	A man is steering his car down the highway .	contradiction
A man is navigating a boat .	A man is on a water vehicle .	entailment
A man is navigating a boat .	A man is steering a large yacht down the lake .	neutral
Several people are walking on a street and there is a large , blue crane towering and leaning against a building .	Several people are sitting on the grass , watching a crane move heavy blocks .	contradiction
Several people are walking on a street and there is a large , blue crane towering and leaning against a building .	Several people are walking on a street .	entailment
A man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a machine in smoky air .	An old man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a yellow maching in smokey air .	neutral
A man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a machine in smoky air .	A man is working on a machine .	entailment
A man in a blue robe walking a herd of camels in the desert .	A man is carrying water with his herd of camels .	neutral
A single file line of children walk in front of a building .	Children in a line looking a a building .	neutral
Three men gathered around a table of pink fish .	A bunch of people are gathered around a piece of furniture .	entailment
The tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume , waves her wand near a nutcracker statue .	A young boy plays baseball .	contradiction
Blue bus parked with back door opened as man in white shirt walk by it .	A guy rides in his car to work .	contradiction
Blue bus parked with back door opened as man in white shirt walk by it .	A guy walks by a bus on his way to work .	neutral
A girl and boy are smiling in a green hallway .	A girl and boy are wrestling on the front porch .	contradiction
A girl and boy are smiling in a green hallway .	The boy and girl are holding hands in the hallway .	neutral
A young girl sitting on a white comforter on a bed covered with clothing , holding a yellow stuffed duck .	A yellow duck being held by a girl .	entailment
Three people are wading in shallow water near a stone path and spraying fountains .	Three people are wading in the water by the fountains .	entailment
a girl at a wedding holding some orange flowers	A girl is holding some orange flowers at a wedding .	entailment
a girl at a wedding holding some orange flowers	A man is painting a house blue .	contradiction
Two people are walking down an isolated road .	Two people are jumping on a trampoline on a isolated road .	contradiction
Person with a black helmet and vest , with a white undershirt , riding on a motorcycle on the street .	A woman rides her motorcycle to the market .	neutral
Person with a black helmet and vest , with a white undershirt , riding on a motorcycle on the street .	A man drives his car to the fair .	contradiction
Person with a black helmet and vest , with a white undershirt , riding on a motorcycle on the street .	A person rides a motorcycle on the street .	entailment
A brown kid wearing jeans and no shirt is weaving a straw rug .	The boy is weaving a rug in the barn .	neutral
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree .	A boy is climbing a tree in his backyard .	neutral
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree .	A boy is milking a cow in the barn .	contradiction
A small child sits in the water , holding on to a bit of wood while smiling for a picture .	A young child frowns at the camera .	contradiction
A small child sits in the water , holding on to a bit of wood while smiling for a picture .	There is a child smiling for a picture .	entailment
A small child sits in the water , holding on to a bit of wood while smiling for a picture .	There is a redhaired child smiling for a picture .	neutral
A man in an orange shirt looking at his cellphone .	A man reads a text message on his phone .	neutral
A man in an orange shirt looking at his cellphone .	A man stands around as he looks at his phone .	neutral
a white dog is tugging on a black rope	The black dog pulls the black rope because the dog rolled in charcoal .	contradiction
a white dog is tugging on a black rope	The white dog is trained to pull the rope .	neutral
Three women , two wearing red shirts and one wearing a purple shirt , and a man , wearing a light blue shirt , jump on a basketball court with balls in their hands .	Three people 's are eating in hotel .	contradiction
A young girl has her hands in a tub of water with leaves in it .	A boy makes a mud pie .	contradiction
A man in a red shirt is sitting at his desk with one leg on the desk , using a computer with two screens set up side by side .	A male is not sitting outside programming his computer .	neutral
A dirt bike rider riding through the woods over logs .	The dirt bike rider is running from someone .	neutral
A dirt bike rider riding through the woods over logs .	The dirt bike rider is on the beach .	contradiction
A dirt bike rider riding through the woods over logs .	The dirt bike rider is riding a dirt bike .	entailment
Blurry people walking in the city at night .	People walking to dinner in the city .	neutral
A woman sits in a chair under a tree and plays an acoustic guitar .	A woman is climbing a tree .	contradiction
A woman sits in a chair under a tree and plays an acoustic guitar .	A woman is playing a country song on her guitar while her husband in the distance listens .	neutral
A woman sits in a chair under a tree and plays an acoustic guitar .	A woman plays an acoustic guitar under a tree .	entailment
A person on a bicycle wears a helmet and jumps , soaring over the ground in front of a skyline and lake .	A person doing tricks on a bike to impress their friends .	neutral
A person on a bicycle wears a helmet and jumps , soaring over the ground in front of a skyline and lake .	A person outside with a bike .	entailment
Man juggling apples while sitting on a couch with another man on one side and a woman on the other .	Two men drop off their friend at her house .	contradiction
A person crouches under a yellow umbrella on the beach .	There is a person sitting under a large tree .	contradiction
A person crouches under a yellow umbrella on the beach .	The person seeks shelter from the rain .	neutral
A person crouches under a yellow umbrella on the beach .	There is an umbrella and a person on a beach .	entailment
A boat docked on a river .	The boat is a fishing boat .	neutral
Man with black and white hair wearing a white shirt and long boots sweeps outside .	A man has black and white hair	entailment
A woman with blond-hair is sitting at a table and talking to a man with glasses .	Two men read the paper at a cafe .	contradiction
A woman with blond-hair is sitting at a table and talking to a man with glasses .	Two people converse at a table .	entailment
Two people , one in light jeans and a striped shirt , are playing pool .	The people play pool	entailment
A man is creating a sand painting on the floor .	A woman destroys a sand painting .	contradiction
A man is creating a sand painting on the floor .	A man makes his first sand painting .	neutral
A motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle .	A man participcating in race .	neutral
A young girl in red pants looks at a window mannequin as people walk past .	A girl is in front of a window .	entailment
Man wearing a mask of an old man .	A man wears a green mask that turns him into a superhero .	contradiction
Man wearing a mask of an old man .	A man wears a green mask .	neutral
Man wearing a mask of an old man .	A man wears a mask .	entailment
A band is playing on a stage while a lady sings .	A woman fires a gun .	contradiction
A woman walks down the road in all black as she holds a red umbrella over her head in the rain .	The woman in black is walking through a rainstorm with her umbrella .	entailment
A woman walks down the road in all black as she holds a red umbrella over her head in the rain .	The woman in black is dancing in the rain without an umbrella .	contradiction
A woman walks down the road in all black as she holds a red umbrella over her head in the rain .	The woman in black is walking home from a funeral in the rain with her red umbrella .	neutral
A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water .	A cat is jumping in the air .	contradiction
A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water .	A dog jumps toward the water .	entailment
An older couple is resting on a bench .	A couple is walking in the park .	contradiction
A group of people in white uniforms doing a show in the middle of the street .	People in white are doing a magic show in the street .	neutral
A person wearing a robe and a pointed hat is holding a basket of bananas .	A person has some fruit .	entailment
A person wearing a robe and a pointed hat is holding a basket of bananas .	A person is wearing a flat hat .	contradiction
A crowd gathers along the handrail of a boardwalk to watch young men leap into the air on the beach sand .	Ten young men perform an interpretive dance at the beach .	neutral
A crowd gathers along the handrail of a boardwalk to watch young men leap into the air on the beach sand .	A number of boys are airborne at the beach .	entailment
A man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket , is sitting in a lawn chair .	a woman is sitting in a lawn chair	contradiction
A man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket , is sitting in a lawn chair .	an older man is sitting in a lawn chair	neutral
A man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket , is sitting in a lawn chair .	a man is sitting in a lawn chair	entailment
A woman in a blue tank-top rides a blue bicycle in front of a crowd of meandering pedestrians .	A woman rides a bike in front of a crowd	entailment
A woman in a blue tank-top rides a blue bicycle in front of a crowd of meandering pedestrians .	A man rides a bike in front of a crowd	contradiction
A couple is a standing together the woman is adjusting a flower on the man 's lapel and they are dressed in wedding apparel .	People are going to a family wedding .	neutral
a woman applies makeup to a woman in black .	The woman is a makeup artist .	neutral
a woman applies makeup to a woman in black .	The woman is putting makeup on the woman in black .	entailment
At a convention , a man takes a phone call behind the booth where he is selling things while others examine his merchandise .	The man is taking an order on the phone .	neutral
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair on the sidewalk reading a book .	A man is ice skating .	contradiction
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair on the sidewalk reading a book .	A man is reading outdoors in a big city .	neutral
A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .	A man in a blue shirt is sitting in the rain .	contradiction
A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .	A man in a beige trench coat walks quickly in the rain with his dog .	neutral
An old man and a child walk together along a pathway near a building .	Two people are walking together to the park .	neutral
A woman prays while a young girl lights a fire	The girl is lighting a fire to roast marshmallows .	neutral
A woman prays while a young girl lights a fire	The woman and girl are sleeping .	contradiction
A young dark-haired woman crouches on the banks of a river while washing dishes .	A man cuts his hair .	contradiction
A young dark-haired woman crouches on the banks of a river while washing dishes .	A woman washes dishes in the river while camping .	neutral
A woman in a yellow dress transporting picked food from the fields to wherever it may need to go .	A man transports his crops from the field	contradiction
A woman in a yellow dress transporting picked food from the fields to wherever it may need to go .	A woman transports food from the fields	entailment
A person performing a snowboarding trick on a high mountain .	A man is beating his friend in a snowboarding race .	neutral
A young man is riding a dirt bike while standing up .	The young man standing on the dirt bike is performing a stunt .	neutral
A young man is riding a dirt bike while standing up .	The young man stands on the pedals of his dirt bike .	entailment
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .	A woman walks her children home from school .	contradiction
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .	A man walks his children home from school .	neutral
A man walking in a crowd , draped in a Canadian flag .	A man walks through the football stadium draped in a Canadian flag .	neutral
A man walking in a crowd , draped in a Canadian flag .	A man is wearing a Canadian flag in the crowd .	entailment
A man walking in a crowd , draped in a Canadian flag .	A girl in a long dress is walking through the crowd .	contradiction
A woman in a yellow shirt seated at a table .	A person is waiting at a table .	entailment
A woman in a yellow shirt seated at a table .	A woman is standing on top of the table dancing around .	contradiction
Little girl eating cake outside .	A Little girl is enjoying cake outside .	entailment
Little girl eating cake outside .	Little girl is having a birthday party .	neutral
Two cyclist a man and a woman enjoy a leisurely bike ride on the cobblestone path .	The two people are taking a stroll through a museum .	contradiction
A male hiker wearing a brown hat is standing next to a triangular monument on the top of a mountain .	A man hides his bald spot under a hat .	neutral
A male hiker wearing a brown hat is standing next to a triangular monument on the top of a mountain .	The sun glints off of a hiker 's bald head .	contradiction
A woman in a blue jacket is drinking tea from a cup .	A woman is eating a donut .	contradiction
A woman in a blue jacket is drinking tea from a cup .	A woman wearing a blue jacket is drinking tea .	entailment
A woman in a blue jacket is drinking tea from a cup .	A woman wearing a blue jacket and black pants is drinking tea .	neutral
A man is looking affected by results from his poker game .	The man lost the game	neutral
Three young women pose for the camera at a parade .	The women went to the parade but no one took their picture .	contradiction
A middle-aged woman pretends to be a DJ as younger people point .	A woman is a DJ for a party in a submarine .	contradiction
A middle-aged woman pretends to be a DJ as younger people point .	A middle-aged woman is trying to make younger people laugh by pretending to be a DJ .	neutral
A woman building herself a sand castle .	a women is making a sand castle	entailment
A woman building herself a sand castle .	a women is helping a kid make a sand castle	neutral
Outdoors in front of a crowd , a man plays an instrument by blowing into pipes he holds up to his face .	A man sitting on the couch reading a book .	contradiction
A Person in a dark shirt and shorts and a white helmet is jumping a bicycle over a mound of dirt .	A kid jumps a bike over a dirt ramp .	neutral
A Person in a dark shirt and shorts and a white helmet is jumping a bicycle over a mound of dirt .	A person rides a bike on a sidewalk without a helmet .	contradiction
Several toddlers in a room with many toys , a yellow lamp , a window , gray carpeting and paintings .	Several toddlers are in a room with many toys , a yellow lamp , a window , gray carpeting and paintings .	entailment
Two race car drivers smile on a stage next to a female spokes model wearing a white dress and white and blue boots .	Two race car drivers are waiting for the award ceremony to end	neutral
Two race car drivers smile on a stage next to a female spokes model wearing a white dress and white and blue boots .	Two race car drivers are swimming on a beach	contradiction
Two race car drivers smile on a stage next to a female spokes model wearing a white dress and white and blue boots .	Two race car drivers are on stage	entailment
A man is leaning out of a window to paint some decorative iron white .	A man is painting .	entailment
A man is leaning out of a window to paint some decorative iron white .	A man is is enjoying painting .	neutral
Two people sit facing away in a downtown scene with a motorcycle parked in front of a pool	There are 2 people in this picture , as well as a two-wheeled vehicle .	entailment
Two people sit facing away in a downtown scene with a motorcycle parked in front of a pool	The two people run as quickly as they can for shelter as the storm picks up and begins swirling all around them .	contradiction
A US Air-force member is handing off a little girl and her toy unicorn to a local citizen .	A person is taking a little girl with a toy from an Airman .	entailment
A US Air-force member is handing off a little girl and her toy unicorn to a local citizen .	A soldier has just saved a little girl and her toy .	neutral
A young child is washing his hands with soap in the kitchen .	A child washes his hands in the kitchen before having dinner .	neutral
A man is on the side of a mountain and hiking around huge rocks .	The man is hiking up the side of the mountain to save his friend who got stuck at the top .	neutral
A little girl in a blue dress is sitting on a red you tractor .	A girl sits on a vehicle .	entailment
A little girl in a blue dress is sitting on a red you tractor .	The girl is riding on a truck .	contradiction
a blue and gray race car driving on a dirt track .	A race car is is driving on a paved road .	contradiction
a blue and gray race car driving on a dirt track .	A race car is driving on a dirt track .	entailment
a blue and gray race car driving on a dirt track .	A race car is turning a corner on a dirt track .	neutral
A woman wearing a pink dress with gold around the midsection is standing in between two rows of people at a banquet .	A women in in a room that has food .	neutral
A woman wearing a pink dress with gold around the midsection is standing in between two rows of people at a banquet .	A woman is sitting at a bar eating a hamburger .	contradiction
A woman wearing a pink dress with gold around the midsection is standing in between two rows of people at a banquet .	A woman holding a plate is waiting in line for the food table .	neutral
A bride wearing her bridal gown is taking pictures with her colorful wedding bouquet in front of cows .	A bride is taking wedding pictures .	entailment
A bride wearing her bridal gown is taking pictures with her colorful wedding bouquet in front of cows .	A bride is taking pictures at a barn .	entailment
A man smiles while he holds a newborn in a church pew .	A woman sitting at church and holding a baby .	contradiction
A man smiles while he holds a newborn in a church pew .	A father is holding his baby at church .	neutral
A brown dog is trying to retrive his orange ball that has fallen in a dirt hole .	A dog is trying to get his toy back .	entailment
A man in a white button-up shirt looks to the side while sitting at a table by the street .	A man is standing by himself outside of an office building .	contradiction
A man in a white button-up shirt looks to the side while sitting at a table by the street .	The man is sitting at the table .	entailment
A young girl in a pretty pink and white blouse and shorts is participating in a soccer game with other children .	A girl is running towards the camera kicking a soccer ball away from other kids .	neutral
A young girl in a pretty pink and white blouse and shorts is participating in a soccer game with other children .	A man is making a candy sculpture out of peppermints .	contradiction
A man is signing a guitar , whose owner is smiling and has a hat with lights attached to it .	Two people are next to a guitar .	entailment
A man is signing a guitar , whose owner is smiling and has a hat with lights attached to it .	A man is signing a book for a fan .	contradiction
A young man is pushing a lawn mower to mow the grass .	A guy rides a lawn mower in the grass .	contradiction
A young man is pushing a lawn mower to mow the grass .	A young man wearing blue clothes pushes a lawn mower through a field .	neutral
A young man is pushing a lawn mower to mow the grass .	A guy pushes a machine through the grass .	entailment
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water .	The blue jacket is a life jacket .	neutral
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water .	The kid is swimming in the deep ocean .	contradiction
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water .	The kid is at the beach .	entailment
A woman in a white hat and red dress holding hands with a man in a black jacket with a flower in his upper pocket .	The woman is alone and asleep in the car on the moon .	contradiction
A woman in a white hat and red dress holding hands with a man in a black jacket with a flower in his upper pocket .	A woman is touching the man .	entailment
A little girl planting her first flower in the sand .	The little girl is planting her first flower .	entailment
A person with an electric drill doing something to a toy animal .	The toy is drilling a person with electricity .	contradiction
A girl in blue rides a horse over a tall jump .	A girl is riding a horse .	entailment
A girl in blue rides a horse over a tall jump .	A girl is racing with her horse with her brother .	neutral
A girl in blue rides a horse over a tall jump .	A girl is walking her dog down the street .	contradiction
A horse and rider are in midair as they leap over an obstacle in a wooded area with another photographer snapping pictures .	A person is riding a horse .	entailment
A horse and rider are in midair as they leap over an obstacle in a wooded area with another photographer snapping pictures .	A person is riding a show horse for a competition .	neutral
A horse and rider are in midair as they leap over an obstacle in a wooded area with another photographer snapping pictures .	A person is riding a donkey through the sands of the desert .	contradiction
A man and women walk atop a hill .	The man and woman are dating .	neutral
A man and women walk atop a hill .	A man and woman are walking .	entailment
A man and women walk atop a hill .	The man and woman are sitting .	contradiction
At a little league baseball game , an umpire calls `` safe '' as a player crosses home .	A player is winning a baseball game .	neutral
At a little league baseball game , an umpire calls `` safe '' as a player crosses home .	A player crosses home at a little league baseball game .	entailment
An old dusty car is half way in the brown water .	A car partially sticking out of water .	entailment
An old dusty car is half way in the brown water .	A man drives his car .	contradiction
A young man in jogging slacks is checking information on his mobile devise while listening to something on a crowded commuter rail car .	a man on a boat	contradiction
Several people wait to checkout inside a store with a warehouse looking ceiling .	many people are waiting in a store	entailment
Many people are in a cafeteria or restaurant , there are two workers wearing white and black who are taking their orders .	A restaurant gets slammed for dinner and has two waiters working that day .	neutral
Three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach .	People on vacation at the beach .	neutral
Three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach .	Three dogs and a person are sitting in the snow .	contradiction
Young boy with tongue out hula hooping with two hula hoops in a crowded area , man in blue shirt stands behind him .	A boy is hula hooping while a man is behind him .	entailment
A man sweeping in the street .	A man is sweeping in the street to get ready for the parade .	neutral
A man sweeping in the street .	A man is cleaning the street .	entailment
A man sweeping in the street .	A man is using his vaccuum to clean the street .	contradiction
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone , leaning against a brown painted box .	Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone	entailment
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone , leaning against a brown painted box .	Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his giraffe	contradiction
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone , leaning against a brown painted box .	Male in brown leather jacket and tight black slacks , looking down at his phone	entailment
A woman dressed as Dorthy from the Wizard of Oz smiling at a baby , standing above her on a table , dressed as an elephant .	Somebody who is depicted is wearing a costume from a movie .	entailment
Woman in a dress standing in front of a line of a clothing line , with clothes hanging on the line .	A woman in a dress is standing in front of a line .	entailment
A man in a green shirt is singing karaoke while a young woman with long brownish hair stands by and listens .	A man playing a guitar for a small crowd .	contradiction
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents .	A man is on a skateboard .	contradiction
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents .	A man is in a motorbike race against others .	neutral
A woman in a wheelchair is talking to her friend while surrounded by other people walking in the park .	The woman is eating a hotdog in the middle of her bedroom .	contradiction
Old man with gray blanket on squatting against a wall	Old man squats against a wall .	entailment
A black dog holding an orange object in the water .	A dog is trying to peel an orange in the water .	contradiction
A black dog holding an orange object in the water .	A dog holds an object in the water .	entailment
A black dog holding an orange object in the water .	A dog holds a life jacket in its mouth in the water	neutral
Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain .	The friends are sitting in a coffee shop .	contradiction
Three young girls in uniforms stand in front of a whiteboard looking at one another with one girl holding her arm out to another girl while another girl sits in her uniform in front of classroom posters and maps .	Girls in line for the bathroom .	contradiction
A woman wearing a hat and a man covering his eyes sit on benches on a boat .	A women and a man are talking to each other on a boat .	neutral
A woman wearing a hat and a man covering his eyes sit on benches on a boat .	A women and a man are dancing on the boat together .	contradiction
A woman wearing a hat and a man covering his eyes sit on benches on a boat .	A women and a man are sitting on a boat	entailment
A man in a pink shirt is stealing an old couples bike , the possibility he is a loan shark collecting his dues are high .	The couple looks on as their bike gets stolen .	neutral
A man in a pink shirt is stealing an old couples bike , the possibility he is a loan shark collecting his dues are high .	A couple is having there bike stolen .	entailment
A man in a pink shirt is stealing an old couples bike , the possibility he is a loan shark collecting his dues are high .	A couple is giving a man a bike as a gift .	contradiction
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .	A sad girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .	neutral
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .	A boy in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind him .	contradiction
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .	A person in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .	entailment
A person on a bike is midair , twisting his body around the handlebars , with graffiti behind him .	A person is eating a cheeseburger on a bike .	contradiction
A person on a bike is midair , twisting his body around the handlebars , with graffiti behind him .	A person is riding a vehicle .	entailment
A man with shoulder length dark hair sits near the rocks of a waterfront while holding a cigarette in his right hand .	A bald man holds a cigarette .	contradiction
A man with shoulder length dark hair sits near the rocks of a waterfront while holding a cigarette in his right hand .	A man holding a cigarette .	entailment
A man with shoulder length dark hair sits near the rocks of a waterfront while holding a cigarette in his right hand .	A man holding a Camel cigarette .	neutral
A boy cooking on a grill .	A boy cooking on a grill for a family gathering .	neutral
A boy cooking on a grill .	A grill which a boy is cooking on .	entailment
A boy cooking on a grill .	A boy sleeping under a tree .	contradiction
A man wearing shorts is playing an acoustic guitar while a person in the background looks the other way .	a smelly man plays guitar	neutral
A man wearing shorts is playing an acoustic guitar while a person in the background looks the other way .	a guy plays music while others look away	entailment
Four people in emergency suits and helmets spray water from behind a cement wall .	Fire fighters are battling a fire safely behind a cement wall .	neutral
Four people in emergency suits and helmets spray water from behind a cement wall .	Four people are watching television next to the wall .	contradiction
A man in a park holding a ball .	A man is playing basketball in the park .	neutral
A man in a park holding a ball .	A man is taking a nap in bed .	contradiction
An older man with large patches on his jeans looks on as a young man swings an axe downward toward a tree stump .	A man just finished cutting down a tree .	neutral
a surfer is riding the waves whilst another surfer sits on his board waiting .	A surfer watches as his friend is eaten by a large shark .	contradiction
A middle-aged man works under the engine of a train on rail tracks .	A guy is working on a train .	entailment
A middle-aged man works under the engine of a train on rail tracks .	A man is doing work on a black Amtrack train .	neutral
A man in a dark shirt and overalls is squatting down on gravel and working on a railroad car .	A man dressed in a dark shirt with overalls is squatting down on gravel as he works on a railroad care .	entailment
A man in a dark shirt and overalls is squatting down on gravel and working on a railroad car .	A man in a dark shirt with overalls squatting down on gravel while working on a railroad car	entailment
A man standing at the front of the room is pointing up while several people who are seated look towards him .	A man standing in a room is pointing up .	entailment
A man standing at the front of the room is pointing up while several people who are seated look towards him .	A man is teaching in a room .	neutral
A boy in a colorful hat and red shirt holding a green seed at the beach .	A boy is sitting in the sand .	neutral
A young women , in a black shirt , is holding a bike , while a young boy is holding a skateboard .	A young woman is holding a bike while a young man is holding a skateboard .	entailment
A young women , in a black shirt , is holding a bike , while a young boy is holding a skateboard .	A young woman and young boy are holding hands .	contradiction
A young women , in a black shirt , is holding a bike , while a young boy is holding a skateboard .	A young woman and young boy are posing for a photo with their skateboard and bike .	neutral
A white dog , a brown dog , and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field .	The dogs are eating their dinner in the kitchen .	contradiction
A man wearing a black balloon animal shirt is making a circle out of balloons .	The man was a clown for many years .	neutral
A woman is smiling at a baby in a stroller in a meadow .	A woman is angry at the baby .	contradiction
A woman is smiling at a baby in a stroller in a meadow .	A woman is smiling at her child .	neutral
A woman carrying a shopping bag in front of Fisher 's Popcorn .	a woman is sitting in a cafe	contradiction
A woman wearing sunglasses , jeans , & a t-shirt walks down the street carrying a bag .	The sunglasses are being worn because the woman thinks they look good , or that they protect her from the sun .	neutral
A person is standing on top of a snow covered mountain .	A person stands on a beach in Hawaii	contradiction
A person is standing on top of a snow covered mountain .	A person stands on a mountain .	entailment
A well dressed man and woman wearing floral dress dancing .	the man is actually a woman .	contradiction
A well dressed man and woman wearing floral dress dancing .	the man is at a party .	neutral
Woman reading a book in a laundry room	A woman is reading a book .	entailment
Photographed from below , a somewhat husky man wearing a white and black windowpane-plaid shirt and dark trousers is holding a little boy who is wearing orange pants and a navy-blue shirt .	The little boy is the man 's son .	neutral
Photographed from below , a somewhat husky man wearing a white and black windowpane-plaid shirt and dark trousers is holding a little boy who is wearing orange pants and a navy-blue shirt .	The man is kinda husky .	entailment
Photographed from below , a somewhat husky man wearing a white and black windowpane-plaid shirt and dark trousers is holding a little boy who is wearing orange pants and a navy-blue shirt .	The man is holding his daughter .	contradiction
A festival displays two men dressed in red makeup and costume , while an older man has cream on his face .	A festival displays two men dressed up in red makeup and costume , while an older man has some cream on his face .	entailment
A group of people on the street dancing to a four men playing various conga drums .	A cat is sleeping in a tree .	contradiction
well dressed man and woman dancing in the street	Two man is dancing on the street .	contradiction
well dressed man and woman dancing in the street	A couple is dancing on the street .	entailment
well dressed man and woman dancing in the street	A well dressed man and woman is dancing .	entailment
A woman in sunglasses making a pouting face while eating seafood .	A woman in sunglasses is taking a stroll in the park .	contradiction
A child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing .	A kid is playing in the snow .	entailment
A child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing .	A child in winter gear is hiding from his friends in a cave made of snow .	neutral
A dark-haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at a picture while sitting next to a boy in a purple shirt and jeans .	A girl is pointing at the picture .	entailment
A dark-haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at a picture while sitting next to a boy in a purple shirt and jeans .	A dark-haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at the picture while sitting next to a boy wearing a purple shirt and jeans .	entailment
A dark-haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at a picture while sitting next to a boy in a purple shirt and jeans .	The guy broke his keyboard .	contradiction
The guys in white shirts horse around near a park .	The girls eat their lunch at the park .	contradiction
A man is on the back of his friend .	A woman carries her young son on her back .	contradiction
A man is on the back of his friend .	A man is holding his friend .	entailment
A man is on the back of his friend .	A man is on the back of his friend in the swimming pool .	neutral
A man is riding on the back of a garbage truck .	A man saves money by hitching a ride on a garbage truck .	neutral
A man is riding on the back of a garbage truck .	A man catches a lift on a garbage truck .	neutral
Several people wearing foil crowns gathered around a table eating .	A group of people are eating mud soup .	neutral
Several people wearing foil crowns gathered around a table eating .	A group of people sat around eating dinner .	neutral
Several people wearing foil crowns gathered around a table eating .	A group of people are filling their belly with food .	entailment
A woman is sitting in a man 's lap in a brown armchair .	The man is holding the woman around her waist .	neutral
A woman is sitting in a man 's lap in a brown armchair .	The man and woman are seated separately , facing each other .	contradiction
A woman is sitting in a man 's lap in a brown armchair .	The woman and man are resting together in an armchair .	entailment
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs .	The young woman is taking a break in the grass from walking the dogs	neutral
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs .	The dogs are standing around a crosslegged woman on the grass .	entailment
A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her .	A man in an army jacket is following a woman in a pink dress .	contradiction
A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her .	A man is following a woman in a red shirt to her car .	neutral
A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her .	A man and a woman are walking outside .	entailment
A person is surfing on a large wave .	The dog is surfing on the wave .	contradiction
Ample dark-skinned man looks back at camera from behind buffet .	A thin woman glares at you over her salad .	contradiction
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .	A black dog runs through the grass carrying its toy .	entailment
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .	A white dog is sitting under a tree .	contradiction
Man relaxing on a bench at the bus stop .	The man stood next to the bench .	contradiction
Man relaxing on a bench at the bus stop .	The man waited for the bus relaxed on the bench .	neutral
Man relaxing on a bench at the bus stop .	The man relaxes on a bench .	entailment
An outside wedding ceremony for an asian couple under an umbrella , shielded from the blaring sun .	Asian people getting married by the beach .	neutral
A young child with dark shoulder length hair , in a yellow shirt and pink pants , is walking eating cheerios out of a ziplock bag .	a child wishes he had milk	neutral
A young child with dark shoulder length hair , in a yellow shirt and pink pants , is walking eating cheerios out of a ziplock bag .	a child sits in a chair	contradiction
A man in hat and apron flipping over his pancake by tossing it in the air back to the pan .	The man is cooking all wheat pancakes .	neutral
A man in hat and apron flipping over his pancake by tossing it in the air back to the pan .	The male is cooking food .	entailment
A young child is enjoying the water and rock scenery with their dog .	The teenage boy is taking his cat for a walk beside the water .	contradiction
A young child is enjoying the water and rock scenery with their dog .	The child and dog are enjoying some fresh air .	entailment
A young child is enjoying the water and rock scenery with their dog .	The child and dog are hoping for some ice cream later .	neutral
A man standing up in a rowboat with a bird perched on the boat .	A rowboat is out on the water with a man standing in it .	entailment
A man standing up in a rowboat with a bird perched on the boat .	The man is pedaling a bicycle along the pier .	contradiction
A man is cooking pies in the oven .	The man cooking has oven mits on .	neutral
A woman with blond-hair and blue boots walks among a crowd of other pedestrians on a city street , looking up at something .	A woman is sitting in a cafe eating lunch .	contradiction
A woman with blond-hair and blue boots walks among a crowd of other pedestrians on a city street , looking up at something .	A woman is watching a plane fly overhead .	neutral
A young girl in a cute hat and pink sweater pushes a toy lawn mower in front of a bicycle .	The girl has a black hat on .	neutral
A young girl in a cute hat and pink sweater pushes a toy lawn mower in front of a bicycle .	The girl has a hat on .	entailment
A young girl in a cute hat and pink sweater pushes a toy lawn mower in front of a bicycle .	The girl just got the hat for her birthday .	neutral
a man in a red shirt looking at a woman with red-hair	A person is staring at a girl he think he recognizes .	neutral
The young girl cools off by sliding on the water slide .	The girl is at a water park .	neutral
The young girl cools off by sliding on the water slide .	The girl goes down a water slide .	entailment
Two people are sitting in a station .	A couple of people are inside and not standing .	entailment
Two people are sitting in a station .	A married couple is waiting for a train .	neutral
A woman , viewed through a window , sits at a restaurant table and puts down a red shopping bag .	A woman having lunch after spending the day shopping .	neutral
A woman , viewed through a window , sits at a restaurant table and puts down a red shopping bag .	A woman in a restaurant .	entailment
A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front .	A man works on a computer while two people sit and chat about business .	neutral
A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front .	A bear is working on a computer while two people sit and gawk .	contradiction
A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front .	The two people sat and chatted for a bit while the IT guy removed the virus .	neutral
A young woman holding a newborn in her arms while still wearing her hospital bracelet laying on a hospital bed .	A young woman is holding a gun .	contradiction
A maroon car with many decals and signs topped with a gray bundle tied to the roof near the drivers door is a man leaning on the car .	The roof is high in the air .	neutral
A man is taking pictures hanging outside of a red rally car .	The man is alone in the bathroom .	contradiction
A man is taking pictures hanging outside of a red rally car .	The man is a race car driver .	neutral
A man is taking pictures hanging outside of a red rally car .	The man is near the car .	entailment
A man in a yellow outfit , fixing something on the corner of a house .	The man is breaking into the house .	contradiction
A man in a yellow outfit , fixing something on the corner of a house .	The man in the outfit is a repairman .	neutral
A man in a yellow outfit , fixing something on the corner of a house .	A man wearing a yellow outfit was repairing something on the corner of the house .	entailment
The woman in the blue skirt is sleeping on a cardboard box under a picture of Mary and baby Jesus .	A person sleeping on a cardboard box below a picture of religious icons .	entailment
The woman in the blue skirt is sleeping on a cardboard box under a picture of Mary and baby Jesus .	A homeless man suffering from hypothermia in the ruins of a burned building .	contradiction
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head	The man is trying his best not to drop the bottle of wine .	neutral
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head	The man is hiding his face with the box on his head .	neutral
Two horse riders and three walkers are going down a dusty path .	Five people in the rain on a path	neutral
Two horse riders and three walkers are going down a dusty path .	Five people on a path	entailment
A group of people dressed as a wizard , queen , and possibly a lobster smiling and looking at the camera .	people are dressed in costume	entailment
In autumn , a man holding a box approaches a red truck in a parking lot .	The man is delivering the box to the old lady in the parking lot .	neutral
In autumn , a man holding a box approaches a red truck in a parking lot .	The man is carrying the box to his car .	neutral
In autumn , a man holding a box approaches a red truck in a parking lot .	On a fall day , a man walks toward a truck holding a box .	entailment
A man reading the paper at a cafe .	A man reading the paper while drinking cafe .	entailment
A man reading the paper at a cafe .	A man playing ice hockey .	contradiction
A man reading the paper at a cafe .	A man starring at a piece of paper .	entailment
A police officer standing on a train .	A cop is standing on a train on his way to work . .	neutral
A police officer standing on a train .	A man is standing on the train .	entailment
A brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass .	A dog is wearing a green muzzle on blue grass .	contradiction
A man wearing black pants , a black shirt , and an orange hat is using a nail gun to attach tar paper to a roof .	The man is using his nail gun to attach paper tar to his roof .	entailment
A man wearing black pants , a black shirt , and an orange hat is using a nail gun to attach tar paper to a roof .	The man on a merry go round .	contradiction
A male construction worker hammers a nail .	A construction worker is eating a sandwich during his lunch break .	contradiction
A male construction worker hammers a nail .	A construction worker drives the nail into the kitchen wall .	neutral
A man in a business suit crosses the street .	A man is wearing a white robe around his house .	contradiction
the front side of a food vendor in a park .	A food vendor is in the park .	entailment
A woman wearing a scarf , hat , and coat , holding a shopping bag is looking at her phone while standing in front of a store .	The woman is inside the store browsing .	contradiction
A woman wearing a scarf , hat , and coat , holding a shopping bag is looking at her phone while standing in front of a store .	A woman wearing a scarf , hat , and coat , holding a shopping bag is outside of the store .	entailment
A girl in a flower dress is running on sand .	The girl is wearing a green striped dress .	contradiction
A man in black reading a book for a group of people .	The man is talking to himself in the mirror .	contradiction
A woman in a green shirt and jeans throws a spear toward a target in the background painted with a carrot across a parking lot	A woman shooting a bow at a painted pumpkin target .	contradiction
Man wearing dark clothes walks down a street with a wall of graffiti to his left .	The man is painting the street .	contradiction
a group of people riding bikes in a marathon as people line the street .	The people lining the street are family members .	neutral
a group of people riding bikes in a marathon as people line the street .	The people riding bikes are running from the police .	contradiction
Three women wearing belly dancing costumes are pictured in color while the background of the shot is in black and white .	three women dance in belly dancing costumes	entailment
A person on a boat by the shore .	A guy is on a boat by the shore fishing .	neutral
A person on a boat by the shore .	A guy is on a boat by the shore .	neutral
A person in a yellow slicker is driving a motorboat next to the beach .	A person in a boat .	entailment
A white and blue car is on the street .	A vehicle is on the street .	entailment
A white and blue car is on the street .	A car is driving off a cliff .	contradiction
A man trying to block another man from shooting the ball in .	The man is playing the guitar at the concert .	contradiction
An orange car is driving across a steel bridge in a city .	A car is driving on the highway towards the country-side .	contradiction
An orange car is driving across a steel bridge in a city .	A car is driving across the bridge on it 's way to work .	neutral
An orange car is driving across a steel bridge in a city .	A car is driving across a bridge .	entailment
A young man wearing black jumps off a height while people clap .	The man is jumping off a cliff .	neutral
A man wearing yellow sneakers and a black vest is on a water board and hangs onto a waterski line that appears to be towed by a boat .	A man on a lake is learning how to waterboard slowly .	neutral
A man wearing yellow sneakers and a black vest is on a water board and hangs onto a waterski line that appears to be towed by a boat .	A man is moving on the water .	entailment
A baby wearing a bib makes a funny face at the camera .	A baby in a bib is making funny faces at the camera .	entailment
A baby wearing a bib makes a funny face at the camera .	A baby girl in a bib makes a funny face at her mom 's camera .	neutral
A brunette baby wearing a red and gray striped shirt , jeans , and a bib with fruit characters on it is sitting on a decorative blanket .	The child is secretly a 50 year old man	contradiction
A person is climbing a cliff wall that overlooks water .	A person is walking on the beach .	contradiction
A middle-aged man in a bicycle race trying his hardest on the sand surrounded by watching crowd .	A man on a bicycle struggles as the comes to the end of a race .	neutral
A middle-aged man in a bicycle race trying his hardest on the sand surrounded by watching crowd .	A man is riding a bicycle .	entailment
Man on bike , with bike clothing and helmet on , having trouble maneuvering through sand from beach .	The man is sailing a boat .	contradiction
Man on bike , with bike clothing and helmet on , having trouble maneuvering through sand from beach .	The man is riding a bike in sand .	entailment
Man on bike , with bike clothing and helmet on , having trouble maneuvering through sand from beach .	The man is riding in a bike race .	neutral
A person is wearing a helmet and protective clothing while riding a four-wheeled vehicle .	The person is riding a bicycle .	contradiction
A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .	A man is on the street corner .	entailment
A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .	A man got shot on the street corner .	contradiction
A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .	A man is waiting for the boss on the street corner .	neutral
A woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting .	the lady is ice skating	contradiction
A woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting .	the lady in the orange shirt is eating her lunch	neutral
A woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting .	the lady in the orange shirt is eating	entailment
Lady vendor selling her goods , one man standing on a post , and two men in a wholesale store .	A woman selling roses , a police officer , two men shopping in a wholesale store .	neutral
Lady vendor selling her goods , one man standing on a post , and two men in a wholesale store .	A dog sits alone next to a swimming pool .	contradiction
A guy tries to climb a stone cliff while his friend helps him .	A person is helping pull someone else up a cliff .	entailment
A guy tries to climb a stone cliff while his friend helps him .	Two people are climbing a cliff .	entailment
A guy tries to climb a stone cliff while his friend helps him .	Two men are standing on a beach looking up at a cliff .	contradiction
A girl dressed in a pink shirt , jeans , and flip-flops sitting down playing with a lollipop machine .	A funny person in a shirt	neutral
A girl dressed in a pink shirt , jeans , and flip-flops sitting down playing with a lollipop machine .	A person in a shirt	neutral
A man wearing a blue hat and a blue shirt selling bananas from his wheel cart on the street .	An arms dealer selling his wares outside of police station by cleverly disguising the assault rifles as ordinary bananas .	neutral
A man wearing a white jacket and pink hat is speaking into a microphone while raising one arm above his head .	The man is wearing a hat .	entailment
A man is standing in the aisle of a grocery store and staring at the cereal selection .	A man slips a box of cereal in his shirt .	contradiction
A man is standing in the aisle of a grocery store and staring at the cereal selection .	A man is selecting cereal in a grocery store .	neutral
Two asian men in a wood shop .	There are two asian men in that wood shop .	entailment
Two asian men in a wood shop .	The two asian men are building a wooden table .	neutral
Man in while shirt and blue jeans holding hands while walking with a little girl in a blue dress and yellow hat .	A father holds his daughter 's hand	neutral
Man in while shirt and blue jeans holding hands while walking with a little girl in a blue dress and yellow hat .	A man and girl walking together	entailment
Man in while shirt and blue jeans holding hands while walking with a little girl in a blue dress and yellow hat .	A man takes his son to the game	contradiction
A jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop .	jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop racing in front of his competitors .	neutral
A jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop .	jockey wearing a green jacket is riding a dark grey horse in a trot .	contradiction
A man in a gray sweatshirt and blue jeans is pulling on a rope while a guy in a white shirt and black jeans watches him .	the man was trying to pull the bull back into the pin	neutral
A man in a gray sweatshirt and blue jeans is pulling on a rope while a guy in a white shirt and black jeans watches him .	the man in the ray sweatshirt was pulling on a rope	entailment
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .	a dog sleeps on a pillow	contradiction
A man in blue clothing carries a yellow bucket while walking in the water near a pelican .	A man is at church .	contradiction
A man in blue clothing carries a yellow bucket while walking in the water near a pelican .	A man with a bucket is catching fish in the water .	neutral
A man in blue clothing carries a yellow bucket while walking in the water near a pelican .	A man with a pail is in the water near a bird .	entailment
A dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a snow-covered field .	A animal carried a stick through a snow covered field .	entailment
A dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a snow-covered field .	A animal carried a stick through a snow covered field .	entailment
People mingling in the foreground and background , two of them are walking towards those in the background that are positioned nearby of a building that is overshadowed by a large number of trees , while the two in the foreground are tending to a horse drawn carriage .	There are a bunch of people , some near a building , others walking and others are doing something to a carriage .	entailment
People mingling in the foreground and background , two of them are walking towards those in the background that are positioned nearby of a building that is overshadowed by a large number of trees , while the two in the foreground are tending to a horse drawn carriage .	A bus pulls into the station .	contradiction
People mingling in the foreground and background , two of them are walking towards those in the background that are positioned nearby of a building that is overshadowed by a large number of trees , while the two in the foreground are tending to a horse drawn carriage .	Some Amish people are fixing their carriage while other people walk or stand nearby .	neutral
A large busted woman in a yellow shirt has a pink shoulder bag on her shoulder .	A young woman with a giant rack is carrying a bag around a shopping mall .	neutral
A large busted woman in a yellow shirt has a pink shoulder bag on her shoulder .	A woman with large breasts is carrying a pink bag .	entailment
A young boy playing in a bubble playing in water .	The boy is taking a bath .	neutral
Two men standing near a metal structure in front of a brick wall .	Men stand in line at a water fountain in front of a brick building .	neutral
Two men standing near a metal structure in front of a brick wall .	Adult males stand in front of a brick wall near something made of metal .	entailment
A fire hydrant with a face painted on it .	There is n't a face on the fire hydrant .	contradiction
A man , with a green cloth over his face , rests with his arms crossed beside a tan wall .	The man is covering his face and taking a break .	entailment
A man , with a green cloth over his face , rests with his arms crossed beside a tan wall .	The man is outside taking a break from painting the house .	neutral
A man with glasses in a brown shirt talking while a man with glasses in a gray shirt listens .	A guy with a brown shirt and glasses is telling his friend in the glasses and gray shirt a story .	neutral
The horses pull the carriage , holding people and a dog , through the rain .	Group of people traveling in the rain by horse-drawn carriage .	entailment
A little girl wearing a pink , yellow and white bathing suit , gets wet from a splash of water .	A girl gets wet from a splash of water by her brother .	neutral
A little girl wearing a pink , yellow and white bathing suit , gets wet from a splash of water .	A girl gets wet from a splash of water .	entailment
A young man standing on a plank of wood and using a large saw to cut it .	A young man is making a fence .	neutral
A young man standing on a plank of wood and using a large saw to cut it .	A young girl is cutting wood .	contradiction
A young man standing on a plank of wood and using a large saw to cut it .	A young man saws wood .	entailment
A boy in a blue shirt looks away from the camera as a girl in a pink and orange bathing suit stares into the camera in front of an RV .	A boy looks away from the camera while a girl looks into the camera .	entailment
A boy in a blue shirt looks away from the camera as a girl in a pink and orange bathing suit stares into the camera in front of an RV .	A boy looks away from the camera with a sad face while a girl who has just been swimming looks into the camera with no expression .	neutral
A boy in a blue shirt looks away from the camera as a girl in a pink and orange bathing suit stares into the camera in front of an RV .	A boy looks into the camera while a girl looks away from he camera .	contradiction
Hockey players play a game on the ice .	People are playing a game of ice hockey .	entailment
Hockey players play a game on the ice .	One man is scoring a goal in an ice hockey game .	neutral
A man with glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is standing next to a dog while another man with a blue hat looks at them from the back .	Two men are following the actions of a dog , one stands next to the dog .	neutral
A man with glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is standing next to a dog while another man with a blue hat looks at them from the back .	A man stares at another man .	entailment
A man wearing a cap and a black wetsuit on a rocky coast lifts a large sack with three sacks in front of him with another man and a small yellow boat in the background .	A man standing by a body of water .	entailment
A man wearing a cap and a black wetsuit on a rocky coast lifts a large sack with three sacks in front of him with another man and a small yellow boat in the background .	A man unloading a boat .	neutral
A man wearing a cap and a black wetsuit on a rocky coast lifts a large sack with three sacks in front of him with another man and a small yellow boat in the background .	A man carrying a surfboard walking towards the ocean .	contradiction
A girl in a field with a yellow scarf .	The girl has a red shirt on .	neutral
A girl in a field with a yellow scarf .	The girl is in an office building .	contradiction
girl sitting in fire for a show	The girl is a performer for the show .	entailment
A young girl with long brown hair is brushing her teeth .	A girl has short blonde hair .	contradiction
A man is carrying a child while holding a red and blue umbrella .	A man is swimming laps in a pool .	contradiction
A man is carrying a child while holding a red and blue umbrella .	A father carries his child , holding an umbrella to keep the rain away .	neutral
A costume worn by this little boy is making him feel a little insecure .	The boy does n't like his costume .	neutral
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat .	A lady is carrying a baby	entailment
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat .	A lady carrying a small kitten	contradiction
Two orthodox Jews , one male , one female , are shown in traditional dress in a sidewalk scene .	Two jewish models pose for the camera on the sidewalk .	neutral
A man in a green safety jacket and pants stands , facing away , near bags of trash while people stand on the curb across the street .	A person in a jacket	entailment
A man in a green safety jacket and pants stands , facing away , near bags of trash while people stand on the curb across the street .	A tall person in a jacket	neutral
A man in a club addressing other people and holding his index finger up with a woman standing behind him .	A man is looking for his girlfriend in a club .	neutral
A cowboy clown wearing a shirt with Tax on it , red suspenders , and a white cowboy hat talks into a wireless microphone .	A cowboy clown in a bowler hat is talking into a wireless microphone .	contradiction
Woman driving in a red convertible with another girl in the passenger seat and a guy in a suit in the backseat , driving past a group of people .	There are three people driving in a convertible past other people .	entailment
Woman driving in a red convertible with another girl in the passenger seat and a guy in a suit in the backseat , driving past a group of people .	The convertible splashed through a puddle of water that soaked the other group of people .	neutral
Woman driving in a red convertible with another girl in the passenger seat and a guy in a suit in the backseat , driving past a group of people .	A woman , girl and man are watching television .	contradiction
Two women and a man are in a sporty red convertible in front of a large group of people on the sidewalk .	The people are test driving a car .	neutral
Two women and a man are in a sporty red convertible in front of a large group of people on the sidewalk .	Two women are in a car with a man .	entailment
AN older woman appears to read from a children 's book in an indoor setting , while a seated gentleman in a service uniform looks on .	A young woman stands alone looking in the bathroom mirror .	contradiction
AN older woman appears to read from a children 's book in an indoor setting , while a seated gentleman in a service uniform looks on .	A woman reads from a book while a man watches .	entailment
A topless man with tattoos , black pants , and black boots is standing on a platform in front of a mirror .	the man is lying on the roof	contradiction
A man in a red hat and shirt with gray shorts attempts to do the splits .	The man is wearing a red hat .	entailment
A man in a red hat and shirt with gray shorts attempts to do the splits .	The man has a blue hat .	contradiction
Various people shop at a street clothing sale .	Various older people shop at a street clothing sale .	neutral
Various people shop at a street clothing sale .	Various cats shop at a street clothing sale .	contradiction
Four people are looking at something on the wall in a waiting room .	A group of people is staring at a painting .	neutral
A well dressed man standing in front of an abstract fence painting .	A well dressed man about to buy an abstract fence painting .	neutral
A well dressed man standing in front of an abstract fence painting .	A homeless man laying around in front of a painting .	contradiction
An Asian man is cooking food .	The man is in a kitchen .	neutral
An Asian man is cooking food .	The man is preparing lunch .	neutral
A black dog running in the snow by some trees .	a dog running in the snow	entailment
A black dog running in the snow by some trees .	a dog running in the snow to chase a ball	neutral
A black dog running in the snow by some trees .	a dog sitting at the beach	contradiction
A man dressed in a bronze suit , wearing bronze colored glasses , is accompanied with a bronze old fashion movie camera , motions taking a movie .	A man is filming a movie .	neutral
A man dressed in a bronze suit , wearing bronze colored glasses , is accompanied with a bronze old fashion movie camera , motions taking a movie .	A man is wearing a purple suit and using a purple digital camera .	contradiction
Couple watching the moon on a bridge .	A couple is watching the moon .	entailment
Couple watching the moon on a bridge .	The couple is watching the sun .	contradiction
A runner in a yellow shirt is running a race .	A woman wearing yellow is running a race .	neutral
A young boy with blue shorts , at an indoor pool jumping into the water .	a young kid jumps into the water	entailment
A young boy with blue shorts , at an indoor pool jumping into the water .	a young kid eats a bagel in the pool	contradiction
A young boy with blue shorts , at an indoor pool jumping into the water .	a young kid jumps into the water during swim lessons	neutral
A group of people standing in the street .	A group of people in the street .	entailment
A biker gets high in the air against a skyline .	The biker is on a dirt bike .	neutral
A black dog walking through water .	A man throws a ball to a boy .	contradiction
A black dog walking through water .	A black dog is walking through water to catch a fish .	neutral
A black dog walking through water .	The water has a black dog walking through it .	entailment
A man in glasses and a striped shirt walks down the street with one hand in his pocket .	A man is riding his bicycle	contradiction
a man with a cigarette in hand is looking at a car in front of him .	Man smoking a cigarette is upset with the car in front of him .	neutral
Three adults and one child are waiting outside of a building , perhaps a school .	Four people are standing in front of a building .	entailment
Three adults and one child are waiting outside of a building , perhaps a school .	Four people are waiting for the bus .	neutral
A man wearing a brown shirt and green pans is pulling a rickshaw down a street	The rickshaw carried a lovely couple down the street .	neutral
Two women , one wearing a scarf and the other wearing a broad brim hat , pound what may be food , on a primitive table with wooden mallets	Two women with wooden mallets are preparing what looks like food on a simple table .	entailment
Two women , one wearing a scarf and the other wearing a broad brim hat , pound what may be food , on a primitive table with wooden mallets	Two individuals are beating a bread dough on the table .	neutral
The two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them , and they are surrounded by water .	Two people jumping off a dock into the water .	contradiction
The two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them , and they are surrounded by water .	Two people standing on a boat dock next to the water .	entailment
The two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them , and they are surrounded by water .	A couple on the dock getting ready to board their boat .	neutral
A red-haired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage .	A clown is riding in a small car outside .	contradiction
A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains .	A woman walking on the street downtown .	contradiction
A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains .	A woman walking on an old bridge near a mountain .	entailment
A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains .	A woman walking on a bridge in a mountain .	entailment
Several people mill around a sidewalk in front of a building looking as police put up crime scene tape .	Several people are sitting in a movie theater .	contradiction
A city street performer with long gray hair sits on a green bucket , two woman look on behind the man .	The street performer begins his show .	neutral
A city street performer with long gray hair sits on a green bucket , two woman look on behind the man .	The city street performer sits on a green bucket .	entailment
A person wearing a yellow shirt stands between two waterfalls .	The person in a yellow shirt is outdoors .	entailment
A photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park .	The person with the camera photographs the person skating .	entailment
A photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park .	A mother photographs her son at the indoor skate park .	neutral
A photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park .	A woman takes pictures of baby chicks .	contradiction
A woman and man are cutting a large cake .	Two newly weds are cutting their wedding cake .	entailment
A woman and man are cutting a large cake .	A newly wed couple are watching a movie .	contradiction
two people playing baseball one running and one throwing a ball .	two people playing ball at sunset .	neutral
Boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo .	A boy is acting for a group of people .	neutral
Boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo .	A group of people without cameras are watching a boy .	contradiction
An Asian woman in a red skirt sits near the ground with another woman standing next to her .	the asian woman served rice in their restaurant	contradiction
A middle-aged male wearing a baseball cap , a shirt inscribed orange county traders and white towel tucked under his belt and preparing a meal in hibachi style .	The man is preparing a meal for his family 's dinner .	neutral
A middle-aged male wearing a baseball cap , a shirt inscribed orange county traders and white towel tucked under his belt and preparing a meal in hibachi style .	The man is cooking .	entailment
A small child in a coat looks out over the lake of a park in the fall .	A child is looking at the lake .	entailment
A small child in a coat looks out over the lake of a park in the fall .	A child is about to go swimming in the lake .	neutral
A small child in a coat looks out over the lake of a park in the fall .	A child is playing with his legos in his warm room .	contradiction
A woman runs along a rocky shore .	A woman is being chased near the river .	neutral
A woman runs along a rocky shore .	A woman sits at a picnic table near the rocky shore .	contradiction
The boy jumps into the blue pool .	The boy jumps into the pool , as his sister follows soon after .	neutral
The boy jumps into the blue pool .	The boy lays down in the sun .	contradiction
a large group of people standing behind a podium on the stairs of a congress building .	Many people stand outside a building .	entailment
a large group of people standing behind a podium on the stairs of a congress building .	A group of people sleep outside a building .	contradiction
A black dog leaps out of the water .	The down is bring a stick back to his master , that threw it in the lake in the game of fetch	neutral
A girl in a red top is holding slips of paper .	The girl is wearing a black shirt and pants .	contradiction
A man wearing a hat , glasses and a painted mustache standing in a crowd of Asian people holding up a stick .	Man ordering food at a restaurant , sitting with his family .	contradiction
A man wearing a hat , glasses and a painted mustache standing in a crowd of Asian people holding up a stick .	Man in a hat and glasses , holding up a stick , standing in a crowd of people .	entailment
A man wearing a hat , glasses and a painted mustache standing in a crowd of Asian people holding up a stick .	Man in a straw hat and glasses , raising a cane into the air , surrounded by a crowd .	neutral
A man in a red hat and blue jacket in a protest is holding up a tablet that talks about God and judgement .	The man is holding up a cross .	contradiction
A woman is sitting in a chair filling out some paperwork .	A woman runs after a duck .	contradiction
A woman with red-hair swings a pillow and laughs .	A woman fluffs a pillow	neutral
A woman with red-hair swings a pillow and laughs .	A woman makes her bed comfortable	contradiction
A woman is sitting and staring on a red bench near a building .	A woman is standing in line .	contradiction
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .	Tow people are resting their backs against a bench .	entailment
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .	Some people are at a historical park .	neutral
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .	Two people stand by a building .	contradiction
A male and a female with a black hat , and sunglasses stop and talk .	Man steals hat from woman in sunglasses .	contradiction
A blond-hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .	A child at a birthday party , holds his new presents as the other children look on and smile .	neutral
A blond-hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .	People hike through a California desert with towering cactus , wild cats and spiny lizards .	contradiction
A blond-hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .	A fair headed child has a replica flying vehicle and an another toy mythical creature .	entailment
Four older men are playing musical instruments in a park by a wall in traditional costume .	A band is playing for an outdoor wedding .	neutral
Four older men are playing musical instruments in a park by a wall in traditional costume .	Four young women are playing chess in the park .	contradiction
Asian man giving thumbs up on street .	An Asian man is eating soup in an art gallery .	contradiction
A city street with people in front of a mountain back drop .	Some people are riding bikes down a country lane .	contradiction
A city street with people in front of a mountain back drop .	People are in a street in front of mountains with snow on them .	neutral
There is a white building , with several people and a mountain nearby , and four automobiles .	The people are going into the building .	neutral
A man standing behind a small ice cream cart on a street corner .	The man is about to buy ice cream	neutral
a tan dog jumping over a red and blue toy	A dog eats the food in his dish .	contradiction
A dark-skinned man smoking a cigarette near a green trashcan .	The tall man stood near the metal trash can and smoked a Marlboro	neutral
A dark-skinned man smoking a cigarette near a green trashcan .	While in the swimming pool the albino boy was cautious of too much sun	contradiction
A woman in black framed glasses peruses a photo album while sitting in a red wicker chair .	A person is looking at pictures of her family .	neutral
A woman in black framed glasses peruses a photo album while sitting in a red wicker chair .	A blind woman sits in a chair .	contradiction
A woman in black framed glasses peruses a photo album while sitting in a red wicker chair .	There is a lady with a book .	entailment
A woman in a blue and black jacket looking at a sign by railroad tracks .	a woman is wearing clothes	entailment
A woman in a blue and black jacket looking at a sign by railroad tracks .	a woman is waiting for her train	neutral
A man wearing a water pack and shorts on an outdoor trail .	A man is sitting in a bathroom .	contradiction
3 people , one man playing a guitar while sitting on the floor and two people playing a game on a sofa .	Several people are gathered for a party .	neutral
3 people , one man playing a guitar while sitting on the floor and two people playing a game on a sofa .	Several people are sitting on the beach .	contradiction
A man is standing on the sidewalk , playing a guitar and singing , with a container of tips by him .	A man is playing his guitar and singing on a stage in a bar .	contradiction
Man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle .	A man sits on a motorcycle .	entailment
A Black woman on the street is talking on her cellphone .	A black woman is on the payphone , ordering pizza	contradiction
A Black woman on the street is talking on her cellphone .	A black woman is on her phone .	entailment
A Black woman on the street is talking on her cellphone .	A black woman is on her cell phone , calling the cops .	neutral
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .	A woman in a purple sweater and black jeans has an odd look on her face .	neutral
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .	A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .	entailment
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .	A woman in a purple sweater is getting her hair done	neutral
A man in a blue t-shirt is watching two women sitting at a table in the kitchen baking .	A woman watches two men in the kitchen	contradiction
A man in a blue t-shirt is watching two women sitting at a table in the kitchen baking .	A man watches to women in the kitchen	entailment
A black dog carrying a hanging flower pot .	A dog carrying a flower pot .	entailment
A black dog carrying a hanging flower pot .	A dog carrying a flower pot to his owner .	neutral
A person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills .	A boy plays with his remote control car in his living room .	contradiction
A person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills .	A person rides a dirt bike outside .	entailment
A person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills .	A boy races his dirt bike outside .	neutral
A man with a black hat , a pair of glasses , and a long white beard sits next to a painting of himself .	The man is sits next to a painting of himself .	entailment
A man with a black hat , a pair of glasses , and a long white beard sits next to a painting of himself .	The man did a self portrait of himself .	neutral
A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth .	Children play catch with the family dog .	neutral
A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth .	An animal moving vertically and gripping a toy with its teeth .	entailment
A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth .	A tinny white puppy sits on a red pillow and plays with a rawhide bone .	contradiction
A man in a red Vegas shirt sits a table playing with his camera .	A man is playing with his camera .	entailment
A young man with blond dreadlocks sits on a wall reading a newspaper as a woman and a young girl pass by .	The young man is sleeping while the Mom is driving her daughter to the park .	contradiction
A young man with blond dreadlocks sits on a wall reading a newspaper as a woman and a young girl pass by .	The young man is reading the newspaper sports section with a mom and daughter walks to the movie theater .	neutral
A group of teenagers enjoying cooling off in a fountain of water .	The young people are splashing each other in the fountain .	neutral
A group of teenagers enjoying cooling off in a fountain of water .	The teenagers are skateboard surfing with a van .	contradiction
Two cars parked on the side of a street with seven people doing different tasks on the sidewalk .	there are 2 cars on the street and people on the sidewalk .	entailment
Two cars parked on the side of a street with seven people doing different tasks on the sidewalk .	seven people are trying to move a car off the sidewalk .	contradiction
Blond woman wearing a red shirt and white pants stands on a garbage can as she holds a camera .	A model stands on a garbage can for a photo shoot .	neutral
Blond woman wearing a red shirt and white pants stands on a garbage can as she holds a camera .	A blond woman stands on a garbage can .	entailment
Blond woman wearing a red shirt and white pants stands on a garbage can as she holds a camera .	A homeless girl uses both hands to eat garbage from a garbage can .	contradiction
A brown dog runs through a field .	A dog chases a rabbit .	neutral
Two young man are getting ready for a game of pool on a purple pool table , with another young man in the background , holding a drink .	a young man sits with two others near a pool table and a drink	entailment
A woman with a red and white piece of clothing draped over her arm rides a pink cruiser-style bicycle down a boardwalk .	A woman is sitting by the beach .	contradiction
A woman with a red and white piece of clothing draped over her arm rides a pink cruiser-style bicycle down a boardwalk .	A woman rides a bike bast the beach sunset .	neutral
A woman with a red and white piece of clothing draped over her arm rides a pink cruiser-style bicycle down a boardwalk .	A woman sits on bicycle seat .	entailment
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera .	A black and a brown dog are running toward the video camera .	neutral
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera .	A black and a brown cat are running toward the camera .	contradiction
A man walks away from a bright yellow , red and blue bounce house .	A man leaves a brightly colored bounce house .	entailment
A man walks away from a bright yellow , red and blue bounce house .	A man leaves a brightly colored bounce house with his daughter .	neutral
A man walks away from a bright yellow , red and blue bounce house .	A man enters a black bounce house with his child .	contradiction
A football team getting ready for the coin toss in a half empty stadium .	The stadium was packed with people .	contradiction
A man wearing a plaid shirt and brown apron is standing in front of an open fire .	The man is standing in the rain .	contradiction
A man wearing a plaid shirt and brown apron is standing in front of an open fire .	The fire is burning near the man .	entailment
The dude at the party is raging !	A man is yelling at a party .	neutral
Children use crayons to color sheets of paper .	Kids color paper with crayon .	entailment
Children use crayons to color sheets of paper .	Kids use crayons to color large sheets of construction paper .	neutral
three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people	Three people smiling for the camera .	entailment
three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people	Seven people posing for a photo dressed as baseball players .	contradiction
three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people	Three people posing for a picture with smiles and two are dressed up as zombies .	neutral
The man and woman are both smiling .	A guy and a lady are standing near each other .	neutral
The man and woman are both smiling .	A man and a woman smile as the watch the children play .	neutral
The man and woman are both smiling .	A man and a woman are frowning looking at the clock .	contradiction
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street .	A man is caught in a rain storm with an umbrella .	neutral
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street .	The man is inside a building .	contradiction
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street .	A man is holding an umbrella	entailment
A man balances a ball on a Japanese umbrella .	A man holds an umbrella .	entailment
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .	a kid cooking lunch	contradiction
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan .	A man cooks food .	entailment
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan .	A man is making ice cream .	contradiction
The restaurant employee is preparing sandwiches in the highly decorated kitchen .	A service worker is making food in a nice kitchen .	entailment
The restaurant employee is preparing sandwiches in the highly decorated kitchen .	A homeless man steals a sandwich from a cheap restaurant .	contradiction
The restaurant employee is preparing sandwiches in the highly decorated kitchen .	An employee is making his lunch before the dinner rush at a nice restaurant .	neutral
A red jeep hangs from the edge of a rocky cliff as a girl looks on .	The girl is inside her room .	contradiction
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city .	A man is sitting in an open field .	contradiction
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city .	People are walking by a man sleeping on the sidewalk .	neutral
Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike .	A man in a pink uniform glides down handrails on a bike .	neutral
Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike .	A woman riding a bike in the park .	contradiction
A boy in jeans , black t-shirt , and blue cap on a bike , leaps over steps .	A boy is practicing bike tricks .	neutral
A boy in jeans , black t-shirt , and blue cap on a bike , leaps over steps .	A boy is playing on a skateboard .	contradiction
A boy in jeans , black t-shirt , and blue cap on a bike , leaps over steps .	A child is riding a bike .	entailment
A girl with black hair and a green shirt has taken several bites from a fresh green apple .	The girl is participating in the local county fair , and is helping judge the `` juiciest apple '' category .	neutral
A girl with black hair and a green shirt has taken several bites from a fresh green apple .	The girl opens an oven door , and checks a meatloaf she is cooking to see how it is coming along .	contradiction
A girl with black hair and a green shirt has taken several bites from a fresh green apple .	The girl is eating in this picture .	entailment
A man jumps on another man while a crowd looks on .	a man jumps on top of another man	entailment
A man jumps on another man while a crowd looks on .	a man plays guitar while a crowd watches	contradiction
A man jumps on another man while a crowd looks on .	a man fights another man while a crowd watches	neutral
A man is sitting with his brown and white dog .	A man is sitting with his puppy	neutral
A man is sitting with his brown and white dog .	A man is standing with his dog	contradiction
A man is sitting with his brown and white dog .	A man is sitting with his dog	entailment
A man and woman in a dark room with lights behind them holding drinks while a bright green light shines in their faces .	A man and woman are in a dark room	entailment
A man and woman in a dark room with lights behind them holding drinks while a bright green light shines in their faces .	A man and woman are married	neutral
A man and woman in a dark room with lights behind them holding drinks while a bright green light shines in their faces .	Two men are in a light room	contradiction
A man in his skateboard jumping over a grocery cart as his friends in the back watch .	The man is riding a motorcycle .	contradiction
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .	There is a child watching a person cooking on a fire .	entailment
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .	A person makes a pancake while a child watches .	neutral
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .	A person sews while a small child runs .	contradiction
A woman in a white skirt and training bra dances over a pile of leaves as a crowd of spectators looks on .	A group of people look at a woman .	entailment
A man riding a dirt bike on a racetrack .	A man is riding a four-wheeler on his farm .	contradiction
A man riding a dirt bike on a racetrack .	A man is riding a dirt bike in a race at a track .	entailment
A man riding a dirt bike on a racetrack .	A man is riding a dirt bike .	entailment
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .	A married couple jogging while a man stretches on a park bench .	neutral
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .	Twelve people jogging while a man sleeps on a park bench .	contradiction
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .	Two people jogging while a man stretches on a park bench .	entailment
A husky and a black cat nuzzling .	A cat attacks a dog .	contradiction
A husky and a black cat nuzzling .	A dog and cat are friendly .	entailment
A husky and a black cat nuzzling .	A dog and cat together .	entailment
A man lying on the ground as vehicles pass by on the road .	A man fell off his bike on the road .	neutral
A man lying on the ground as vehicles pass by on the road .	A man is standing on the road to catch a ride .	contradiction
A young man in black and white striped shirt rests on the grass while traffic passes nearby on the road .	The boy is wearing a dress .	contradiction
A young man in black and white striped shirt rests on the grass while traffic passes nearby on the road .	A boy wears a long sleeve shirt .	neutral
A young man in black and white striped shirt rests on the grass while traffic passes nearby on the road .	A boy is on the grass .	entailment
A man is rock climbing with protective rope .	A man is climbing the grand canyon .	neutral
Man with dreadlocks on a skateboard in the middle of the street .	The man with dreadlocks does skateboard tricks in the middle of the road .	entailment
Man with dreadlocks on a skateboard in the middle of the street .	The man with a buzz cut falls off the skateboard .	contradiction
Many people take pictures as a blond woman wearing a cover-up only costume holds a sign proclaiming `` Photographers Not Predators '' on a pier .	Many people 's take photo with a yellow woman	neutral
A man cutting metal with a tool .	A man is cutting metal with the wrong tool .	neutral
A man cutting metal with a tool .	A man is cutting metal .	entailment
A man cutting metal with a tool .	A man is cutting metal with his mind .	contradiction
A person wearing a striped shirt , headphones , and a headscarf watches a street with a large truck driving through .	A man rides his bike on an empty path in the woods .	contradiction
A person wearing a striped shirt , headphones , and a headscarf watches a street with a large truck driving through .	A man watches a large truck filled with gravel drive down a busy street .	neutral
A person wearing a striped shirt , headphones , and a headscarf watches a street with a large truck driving through .	A large truck drives down a street while a person in a striped shirt watches .	entailment
A man and a woman seated at a table , having drinks and deep in conversation .	Two people are on a dinner date .	neutral
A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry	A child is sleeping in her bed .	contradiction
A young man in a black shirt and an elderly woman in a pink shirt sitting on a train together .	The man is asleep in the bathtub on the moon .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train .	A man is sitting on the train talking to a woman .	entailment
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train .	A man is driving his car .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train .	A man is sitting next to a lady .	entailment
A man in a purple suit sings and plays the guitar .	The man playing the guitar is wearing a purple suit .	entailment
A man in a purple suit sings and plays the guitar .	The man in purple is playing the piano .	contradiction
A man jogs on green grass with bare feet .	A man is practicing for his next race .	neutral
A man jogs on green grass with bare feet .	The man is jogging on sand .	contradiction
A man is using a long lens on a camera to take a closeup of a colorful , chubby man on a bicycle with a large maroon and white umbrella attached to it .	A man painting a picture of a sunset .	contradiction
A man is using a long lens on a camera to take a closeup of a colorful , chubby man on a bicycle with a large maroon and white umbrella attached to it .	A man taking a picture for a photography class he is taking .	neutral
A man is using a long lens on a camera to take a closeup of a colorful , chubby man on a bicycle with a large maroon and white umbrella attached to it .	A man taking a picture of someone .	entailment
Two people are surfing in the ocean .	These people are in the desert .	contradiction
An older man wearing glasses , striped shirt and green jacket carries a bouquet of flowers down a street .	An old man walks outdoors on a fall morning .	neutral
Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car .	A race car with flames .	entailment
Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car .	Flames are shooting from the front of a race car .	contradiction
Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car .	Flames are shooting from the rear of a race car as it takes off .	neutral
A man in a yellow and blue jeans is running through water .	A man in red and green jeans is running through water .	contradiction
A man in a yellow and blue jeans is running through water .	A man in yellow and blue jeans is running through water .	entailment
A black limousine in front of a marble building with a crowd of people on the buildings steps .	A black limousine is in front of a marble building .	entailment
A black limousine in front of a marble building with a crowd of people on the buildings steps .	A black limousine is waiting for an important guest in front of a marble building .	neutral
A black limousine in front of a marble building with a crowd of people on the buildings steps .	A black limousine is behind a marble building .	contradiction
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street .	A woman is taking a picture of a building outside .	neutral
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street .	A woman is holding an umbrella with both hands .	contradiction
A kid hitting a baseball in a baseball field .	The kid hitting the ball is practicing for his upcoming game .	neutral
A kid hitting a baseball in a baseball field .	A child is hitting cans with a baseball bat .	contradiction
A kid hitting a baseball in a baseball field .	A child is in a field hitting a ball .	entailment
A woman watching six televisions , while sitting on a hardwood floor in a beautiful room made of bricks with large windows , while a dark-haired man leaning on a windowsill is watching her .	The woman is dancing with the man .	contradiction
Boy standing in line in a grocery store with his items on the conveyor belt .	The boy is buying candy .	neutral
A old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street .	A woman with her groceries on the moon	contradiction
A old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street .	An old woman with her groceries tries to cross the street	neutral
A old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street .	A woman on a busy street holds some shopping bags	entailment
A balding man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	A man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	entailment
A balding man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	A balding woman wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	contradiction
A balding man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	A balding man wearing a brown bomber jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .	neutral
A man rock climbs with a city and body of water in the background .	The man enjoys rock climbing .	neutral
Two pedestrians walking past a sidewalk cafe on a cobblestone street .	two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road a long way away from a cafe	contradiction
Two pedestrians walking past a sidewalk cafe on a cobblestone street .	two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road past a cafe	entailment
Two pedestrians walking past a sidewalk cafe on a cobblestone street .	two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road past a cafe in France	neutral
The side of a building next to a church is painted with a brightly colored Coca-Cola sign .	There is a Coca-Cola sign on a church next to a building .	contradiction
A young boy and his dog play at the edge of a public beach .	the kid plays with his dog at the beach on a saturday	neutral
A young boy and his dog play at the edge of a public beach .	the kid plays with his dog at the beach	entailment
The little boy is in the park near a duck .	The little boy is feeding a duck in the park .	neutral
The little boy is in the park near a duck .	The boy fell in the water on the duck .	contradiction
A band is playing on stage at a concert and the attendants are dancing to the music .	A band is playing while people dance .	entailment
A young man takes a walk carrying a backpack and camera .	The man is sitting on a rock	contradiction
A woman in orange performs with puppets while a little boy in a monkey costume walks by .	A boy wearing a monkey costume passes by a puppeteer .	entailment
A woman in orange performs with puppets while a little boy in a monkey costume walks by .	The puppeteer has her hand in a sock .	neutral
A woman in orange performs with puppets while a little boy in a monkey costume walks by .	The boy and the woman are stargazing through a telescope .	contradiction
Young , attractive and fashionable girl posed for the camera as she sits on a rock in a park-like setting .	a girl poses for camera	entailment
A young woman in a green `` Aeropostale '' shirt and a green bracelet with a black purse , looking down with pursed lips .	A girl wears a green shirt .	entailment
People walking down a busy city street in the winter .	The street has a lot of people .	entailment
People walking down a busy city street in the winter .	People are running down a busy city street in summer .	contradiction
People walking down a busy city street in the winter .	The people walking down a busy city street are trying to catch a limited release purchase event .	neutral
An elderly woman wearing a flower printed apron with a pink colored shirt is cooking inside her kitchen .	A women is cooking for her family	neutral
An elderly woman wearing a flower printed apron with a pink colored shirt is cooking inside her kitchen .	A man is eating food	contradiction
A man in a long-sleeved blue shirt and blue jeans has set up some name trains on the ground looking to sell his wares .	A man is wearing a large blue shirt .	neutral
A man in a long-sleeved blue shirt and blue jeans has set up some name trains on the ground looking to sell his wares .	A man is wearing a blue shirt .	entailment
A man in a long-sleeved blue shirt and blue jeans has set up some name trains on the ground looking to sell his wares .	A woman is wearing a blue shirt .	contradiction
A blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear .	The automobile stayed on the track the whole race .	contradiction
Many people are watching street performers dancing .	people watching street preformers	entailment
a man with a blue jacket look at items .	A man looks over the wares at a flea market .	neutral
A young boy kissing an old man on the forehead .	There is a boy showing affection to an old man .	entailment
A man walking into a shadow , holding a sign .	A man walking into a shadow , holding a sign for a protest .	neutral
A man walking into a shadow , holding a sign .	A man running away from people .	contradiction
A man and a woman smiling at a crying baby .	Two people smile while looking at a baby .	entailment
A man and a woman smiling at a crying baby .	Two people watch a movie together .	contradiction
A man and a woman smiling at a crying baby .	A husband and wife smile at the birth of their child .	neutral
A girl is getting ready to dive into a pool .	A girl is diving into a pool .	entailment
a group of four people conversing next to a bus	A woman mounts a motorcycle and starts the engine .	contradiction
a group of four people conversing next to a bus	A group of people are talking near a vehicle .	entailment
A woman with dark hair and a red dress sits next to a little girl with blond-hair and a white dress while reading a book .	A person with hair	entailment
A woman with dark hair and a red dress sits next to a little girl with blond-hair and a white dress while reading a book .	A tall person with hair	neutral
A boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .	A girl falls off of her scooter during an obstacle course .	contradiction
A boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .	A person falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .	entailment
A boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .	A sad boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .	neutral
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .	A man asks his friend to record him climbing a rock wall .	neutral
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .	A man in jeans is near some rock .	entailment
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .	A man is on top of a rock formation , taking in the view .	neutral
A man in a hat and jacket standing on the sidewalk with a pile of trash in front of him .	A man standing on the sidewalk .	entailment
A man in a hat and jacket standing on the sidewalk with a pile of trash in front of him .	The man in the hat is standing in the middle of the street .	contradiction
A man in a hat and jacket standing on the sidewalk with a pile of trash in front of him .	The garbage man is picking up the trash .	neutral
A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall .	A man in a hat sits down at the local DMV .	contradiction
A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall .	A man in a hat is outside .	neutral
A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall .	A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall , waiting for his buddy to pick him up .	neutral
A man cooking food on the stove .	A man is making hot food .	entailment
A man cooking food on the stove .	A man is cooking his wife a nutritious meal .	neutral
A thin man in a maroon shirt standing next to a pay phone .	A man in a maroon shirt is sitting on the train .	contradiction
A thin man in a maroon shirt standing next to a pay phone .	A man is standing next to a payphone wearing a maroon shirt .	entailment
A man and a woman are boxing in a park with flowering trees .	The man and woman are doing physical activity .	entailment
A man and a woman are boxing in a park with flowering trees .	The man and woman are practicing for a fight .	neutral
A man and a woman are boxing in a park with flowering trees .	The man and woman are hugging and kissing .	contradiction
A group of people are sitting at a table which has glasses of beer on it .	The people are friend	neutral
Two men and three women are sitting at a rectangular wooden table drinking beer from glasses of various shapes .	A group of people watching a movie at a theater .	contradiction
Several smiling people of varying ages sitting around a table with glasses of beer in front of them .	A groupe of people are sitting at a table .	entailment
A woman cutting fabric flowers in a market .	A woman watches tv while waiting for customers .	contradiction
A woman cutting fabric flowers in a market .	A woman cuts fabric flowers inside a market .	entailment
A woman cutting fabric flowers in a market .	A woman cuts fabric flowers in a market while a crowd watches .	neutral
A shirtless man is being filmed in the middle of a soccer field .	A man is wearing a designer shirt on camera .	contradiction
A shirtless man is being filmed in the middle of a soccer field .	A topless male is being recorded on a sports field .	entailment
A shirtless man is being filmed in the middle of a soccer field .	A man is celebrating on camera after scoring a goal .	neutral
An elder bearded man having a rest in a dilapidated building .	The old man is shouting something to the camera .	contradiction
An elder bearded man having a rest in a dilapidated building .	An old bearded man is in an old building .	entailment
An elder bearded man having a rest in a dilapidated building .	The old man is dozing in the ancient ruin .	contradiction
A boy and a girl walk through the city .	A boy and a girl are walking outside .	entailment
A boy and a girl walk through the city .	A boy and a girl are walking through a dirty city .	neutral
A boy and a girl walk through the city .	A boy and girl are fighting with each other .	contradiction
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is jumping into the water .	The boy in the black and red swimsuit is about to go swimming	entailment
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is jumping into the water .	The boy in the black and red swimsuit is lounging on the boat	contradiction
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is jumping into the water .	The boy in the black and red swimsuit has fallen out of the boat	contradiction
An Asian man in colorful robes holds a bell and leans toward a small table , with Buddhist or Hindu decorations on the table and the walls .	An Asian man in colorful light robes holds a bell .	entailment
An Asian man in colorful robes holds a bell and leans toward a small table , with Buddhist or Hindu decorations on the table and the walls .	An Asian man in colorful robes holds a gun .	contradiction
Man in white shirt and blue jeans looking to the side while walking down a busy sidewalk .	A man is approaching another man .	neutral
Man in white shirt and blue jeans looking to the side while walking down a busy sidewalk .	The man 's shirt is a different color from his jeans .	entailment
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .	A woman riding a bicycle on the street .	entailment
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .	A woman riding a bicycle near a group of her friends on the sidewalk .	neutral
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .	A woman going for a walk near a car and some other people .	contradiction
A nicely dressed woman putting a handful of cotton candy in her mouth in a public square in Europe .	A woman is eating cotton candy .	entailment
A nicely dressed woman putting a handful of cotton candy in her mouth in a public square in Europe .	A woman is eating blueberry flavored cotton candy while in a public square in Europe .	neutral
Two men play a game of chess in the park while two others eagerly await their chance	It is a sunny day in the park while two men play chess .	neutral
Group of people stand near a fence watching a plane fly over them	The people are watching a plane show	neutral
a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	There is a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	entailment
a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	There is a lady in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	entailment
a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	There is a boy in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .	contradiction
A live band on a lawn jamming out .	A live band on a lawn jamming out for the holiday crowd .	neutral
A live band on a lawn jamming out .	A band is practicing new tunes in the garage .	contradiction
A young lady walking down the street wearing a black jacket , sunglasses , sneakers , jeans , & gloves .	A lady dressed in black is heading to the office .	neutral
A young lady walking down the street wearing a black jacket , sunglasses , sneakers , jeans , & gloves .	A young lady is walking down the street .	entailment
Boy reading book with company of a rolled over dog .	The boy is reading a book about trains .	neutral
Boy reading book with company of a rolled over dog .	The kid is with his dog .	entailment
A young girl with a white vest , pink sleeves and pink knit hat with flower is looking at the flower blossoms on a tree .	The girl is dressed up for a party .	neutral
A young girl with a white vest , pink sleeves and pink knit hat with flower is looking at the flower blossoms on a tree .	A small person dressed up is standing next to a tree .	entailment
A young girl with a white vest , pink sleeves and pink knit hat with flower is looking at the flower blossoms on a tree .	The girl is wearing a blue baseball cap .	contradiction
This wildly dressed couple are walking past a poster .	The couple are at a music festival .	neutral
A guy is standing in front of a toilet with a coffee cup in one hand and a toilet brush in the other .	A guy is standing in a bathroom .	entailment
A guy is standing in front of a toilet with a coffee cup in one hand and a toilet brush in the other .	A man is attempting to brew coffee .	contradiction
A guy is standing in front of a toilet with a coffee cup in one hand and a toilet brush in the other .	A man may have created a monster too unwilling to be flushed .	contradiction
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .	The girl is standing on a bench .	contradiction
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .	The girl in the colorful outfit is the other girl 's sister .	neutral
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .	The girl sitting on the bench is next to another girl .	entailment
A man sits on a bench beside his bike while viewing the scenery around him overlooking a busy city .	The man is tired from riding his bike .	neutral
A man sits on a bench beside his bike while viewing the scenery around him overlooking a busy city .	The man is riding his bike in the country .	contradiction
A man sits on a bench beside his bike while viewing the scenery around him overlooking a busy city .	The man is sitting on a bench .	entailment
Children participating at a party while looking at the one kid in exuberance over the new toy .	A child just opened his smallest gift at his party	neutral
Elderly man painting a picture with a small paintbrush .	A baby is smearing food all over his high chair tray .	contradiction
A girl and two boys are playing in water .	The children are eating dinner at a restaurant .	contradiction
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot .	A girl drives a jet ski .	contradiction
A man in an apron sits at a table in front of a restaurant , while another man crosses the street with a purple gift bag and rolling luggage .	One person sits at a restaurant table while another pulls luggage across the street while holding a gift bag .	entailment
A large man in white dances in the middle of a crowd holding a beverage in his hand .	A man dances at a wedding .	neutral
A band performing with a girl singing and a guy next to her singing as well while playing the guitar	They like rock music the best .	neutral
A female sings and plays into a microphone and a male in green striped shorts plays a hand drum	a woman plays the piano	contradiction
Six men , all wearing identifying number plaques , are participating in an outdoor race .	a number of guys wearing numbers race outside	entailment
Six men , all wearing identifying number plaques , are participating in an outdoor race .	a man sits in a chair printing running bib numbers	contradiction
Young African children are playing in a dirt and gravel street dressed in shorts and t-shirts .	Children are playing in a dirt street .	entailment
The tops of a large number of balloons are visible behind a wall , with a large high rise building in the background .	A man and woman watch the sun set over the ocean .	contradiction
The tops of a large number of balloons are visible behind a wall , with a large high rise building in the background .	A bunch of balloons can be seen as people wait for a surprise party to start .	neutral
Thick clouds masked the sky for the Braun sponsored event as the crowd looked up at the raised platform while a small group of bike stunt riders watched one rider land on his feet while his bike was still in the air .	There are a group of people standing by ATV 's , waiting for a race to start .	contradiction
A middle-aged man in a gray t-shirt and brown pants sitting on his bed reading a flyer-like paper .	A man is sitting on his bed reading .	entailment
A middle-aged man in a gray t-shirt and brown pants sitting on his bed reading a flyer-like paper .	A man is sleeping on his bed .	contradiction
There are a lot of people in front of a tan building with colorful squares hanging from the top .	People burn the red building on fire	contradiction
A baby with star shades on .	A baby getting its picture taken .	neutral
A boy wearing orange star glasses is sitting down holding a toy hammer .	A boy wearing glasses is sitting while holding a toy hammer .	entailment
A boy wearing orange star glasses is sitting down holding a toy hammer .	A dog and a pig play in some mud .	contradiction
A little boy is sitting next to a bed while wearing orange sunglasses and playing with a toy hammer	A little boy is playing inside his bedroom	neutral
A little boy is sitting next to a bed while wearing orange sunglasses and playing with a toy hammer	A boy is playing with a toy	entailment
A little boy is sitting next to a bed while wearing orange sunglasses and playing with a toy hammer	A little boy is jumping on his bed while playing with a toy hammer	contradiction
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .	The girl is in the air .	entailment
A woman is walking down the street with a brown bookbag on her back .	she has black book bag	contradiction
A woman is walking down the street with a brown bookbag on her back .	a woman is walking down the street	entailment
A woman is sitting in a street market stand where there are various items for sale , such as fish .	The woman is in a street market .	entailment
A man pushing a food cart stands in front of a stone building and holds onto the bars covering a window .	A man adjusts his hat before a meeting .	contradiction
A man pushing a food cart stands in front of a stone building and holds onto the bars covering a window .	A man peering into a window to see if others would like to buy some food .	neutral
A man pushing a food cart stands in front of a stone building and holds onto the bars covering a window .	A man with his food cart .	entailment
A girl in a pink shirt is teaching a young man in a striped sweater how to knit .	The girl is wearing a yellow shirt .	contradiction
A race car speeds away while a man covers his ears .	The race car is on a track	neutral
A lady with red-hair peeking into the back of a car .	A lady is looking at a fire truck .	contradiction
A lady with red-hair peeking into the back of a car .	A lady is looking in a car .	entailment
A lady with red-hair peeking into the back of a car .	A lady is looking in a car at a dog .	neutral
A young boy and girl playing baseball in a grassy field .	dog running up hill	contradiction
An older man indulging in a bottle of amber liquid .	An old man is drinking a milk shake in a cup .	contradiction
An older man indulging in a bottle of amber liquid .	An older man is drinking beer from a bottle .	neutral
An older man indulging in a bottle of amber liquid .	An old man is drinking some amber liquid from a bottle .	entailment
A group of Chinese people are relaxing in the water .	A group of Chinese people at standing in water .	neutral
A group of Chinese people are relaxing in the water .	A group of Chinese people are at the beach .	neutral
An Asian man stands behind a makeshift storefront with a handmade yellow poster advertising watch repair .	A man stands by his watch shop .	neutral
A lady in a blue shirt and hat dancing with a man in sunglasses .	A dog is chasing a car	contradiction
A man jumps onto a skateboard that is sitting on a folding chair .	There is a skateboard on a folding chair .	entailment
A man jumps onto a skateboard that is sitting on a folding chair .	The man is attempting to do a skateboard trick .	entailment
There are people at the train station waiting for their trains and other trains are whizzing by them .	The people are waiting at the station .	entailment
There are people at the train station waiting for their trains and other trains are whizzing by them .	The people are waiting for a late train .	neutral
Here is a picture of a bald man with a beard and sunglasses , washing his hands at a spring or waterfall .	The man has some dirt on his hands .	neutral
Here is a picture of a bald man with a beard and sunglasses , washing his hands at a spring or waterfall .	There is an elderly man standing outside near water .	entailment
A boy in a red shirt with arms outstretched on the side of hill .	A boy is pretending to be an airplane as he runs around on a hill .	neutral
A slender , blond-haired woman in a low-cut white shirt walks by a menu with items written in a foreign language .	a woman walks to lunch	neutral
A slender , blond-haired woman in a low-cut white shirt walks by a menu with items written in a foreign language .	a woman drives a truck	contradiction
A woman pulls a small child in a sled through the snow .	A child makes a snowman .	contradiction
A woman pulls a small child in a sled through the snow .	A woman pulls a child .	entailment
A woman pulls a small child in a sled through the snow .	A mother takes her child out sledding .	neutral
A woman is pulling a child on a sled in the snow .	A mother pulls a child on a sled during a fun day at Big Bear .	neutral
A woman is pulling a child on a sled in the snow .	A mother and child row a canoe .	contradiction
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in France .	A man and woman look like they are running .	contradiction
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in France .	A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken .	entailment
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in France .	A man and woman look like they are happily having their picture taken .	neutral
A lone , 2-3 year old blond child in a blue jacket is putting a small black plastic item in his mouth as he kneels on a waiting room couch pointed toward the back while looking at something or someone not in the room .	The child is looking for his mom .	neutral
A lone , 2-3 year old blond child in a blue jacket is putting a small black plastic item in his mouth as he kneels on a waiting room couch pointed toward the back while looking at something or someone not in the room .	The child has brown hair .	contradiction
A woman reaching for candy bars that are on a shelf .	The candy bars are above the womans head .	neutral
A woman reaching for candy bars that are on a shelf .	The woman is on a motor boat .	contradiction
A woman with dark hair wearing a dark shirt , jeans , and glasses is talking into a microphone .	The woman has dark hair and a skirt on .	contradiction
A woman with dark hair wearing a dark shirt , jeans , and glasses is talking into a microphone .	A woman in a pink bathing suit dives into the pool .	contradiction
A woman with a guitar smiles in front of a microphone .	A woman is lighting a fuse .	contradiction
An Asian man in a t-shirt and sandals is smoking a pipe while sitting on a rock in front of a body of water .	The man is drinking a beer in a pub .	contradiction
A green bike is parked next to a door .	The bike is chained to the door .	neutral
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth .	A dog runs down a dirt path with a bone in its mouth .	contradiction
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth .	A dog runs down a path .	entailment
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth .	A dog runs down a path with a green ball .	neutral
The boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms .	A boy ran from a goat .	contradiction
The boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms .	A boy is holding an animal .	entailment
A blond-haired lady with a gray tank top and jeans is holding her phone while she puts her other hand through her hair while a dark-haired lady walks next to her .	Two people are sliding down a hill on their bottoms .	contradiction
A blond-haired lady with a gray tank top and jeans is holding her phone while she puts her other hand through her hair while a dark-haired lady walks next to her .	A woman and her best friend walk through the hallway .	neutral
A brown dog opens his mouth to catch a piece of food .	A dog catches food .	entailment
A sitting man is spraying a squirt bottle at a pedestrian while holding an umbrella over his head .	A man reads the paper .	contradiction
A little girl is sitting on a bench in a park .	The little girl is at a park .	entailment
A little blond boy throwing a soapy sponge at his moms car .	A small boy throws a sponge at a car .	entailment
A little blond boy throwing a soapy sponge at his moms car .	A small boy is mad at his mother and throws a sponge at her car .	neutral
A little blond boy throwing a soapy sponge at his moms car .	A small boy is playing at the park .	contradiction
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman .	A husband and wife carry their son down the street	neutral
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman .	Two men carry their sleeping dog down the road	contradiction
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman .	A man and woman walk while carrying a sleeping child	entailment
A man in a green Celtics hat and a woman wearing a black sweater display identical tattoos on their right wrists .	A man and woman display identical tattoos	entailment
Man is chopping wood and is about to be pushed over by another person .	A man is chopping wood .	entailment
A man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air .	The man is in the air .	entailment
A man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air .	The man is on a bike .	contradiction
A woman in a blue dress is sweeping the floor in a cobblestone road	A woman wears a dress while she sweeps .	entailment
A woman in a blue dress is sweeping the floor in a cobblestone road	A man mops the road .	contradiction
A man with a fist shares his ego with another man in a brown shirt .	The man in the brown shirt is scared .	neutral
A man wearing glasses and a dark coat looks at something to the left of the picture .	A man in a dark coat takes a photo .	contradiction
A woman wearing a yellow and white outfit is exiting the vehicle while using city transportation .	A man in all black enters a subway car .	contradiction
A woman wearing a yellow and white outfit is exiting the vehicle while using city transportation .	A woman dressed in white pants and a yellow blouse exits the large city bus .	neutral
A woman wearing a yellow and white outfit is exiting the vehicle while using city transportation .	A woman in a brightly colored outfit exits the public transportation vehicle .	entailment
Brown-haired woman talking to man with backpack .	A woman is talking to a man	entailment
Brown-haired woman talking to man with backpack .	A man is swinging from a tree	contradiction
A young man moving aside to let a young woman pass by .	A man checks out a woman who passes him .	neutral
A young man moving aside to let a young woman pass by .	A man pushes a woman and runs past her .	contradiction
A young man moving aside to let a young woman pass by .	A man lets a woman pass him .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt and a man helps the cyclist while the man in the gray jacket watches .	A man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt and a man helps the cyclist while the man in the gray jacket watches .	A man is wearing a blue shirt	entailment
A woman dressed in a blue long-sleeved shirt and wearing a hairnet .	The woman is naked and alone in the bathroom .	contradiction
A woman dressed in a blue long-sleeved shirt and wearing a hairnet .	The woman has something on her head .	neutral
A woman with red-hair and wearing a black tank top and short jeans shorts appears to be yelling .	A woman with red-hair hold her hand over her mouth in absolute silence .	contradiction
A woman with red-hair and wearing a black tank top and short jeans shorts appears to be yelling .	A woman with red-hair and wearing a black tank top screams at her son who is crossing the road without looking both ways .	neutral
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .	An elderly bearded man sitting on the grass .	entailment
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .	A man waiting for someone while sitting on the grass .	neutral
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .	A man sitting inside a car .	contradiction
A man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background .	A man is wearing glasses and light black clothing .	neutral
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene .	people talk about sticking tongue on pole	neutral
The man in the blue pants is doing a trick with his skateboard .	A man does a kickflip on his skateboard .	neutral
The man in the blue pants is doing a trick with his skateboard .	A man rides a skateboard .	entailment
The man in the blue pants is doing a trick with his skateboard .	A woman rides a skateboard .	contradiction
A young girls with red-hair who is wearing jeans and a black vest jumps up in the air over a sandy hill .	A young girl sitting at the kitchen table .	contradiction
A man in a black long-sleeved tee-shirt is walking down the street with a cane .	A man walking to the store .	neutral
Numerous people sitting in a dim lit room talking , drinking coffee and using computers .	A man sits alone drinking scotch in the sunlight on the beach where there is no internet connection .	contradiction
Numerous people sitting in a dim lit room talking , drinking coffee and using computers .	People are in a dimly lit room drinking coffee .	entailment
A female belly dancer dressed in blue and orange performs a folding fan dance with two men providing the music behind her ; they are using a guitar and drums .	A female belly dancer is performing in front of an audience with 2 males behind her supplying music .	neutral
A female belly dancer dressed in blue and orange performs a folding fan dance with two men providing the music behind her ; they are using a guitar and drums .	A belly dancer and two male musicians are sleeping on a boat .	contradiction
A man without a shirt walking towards a gas station .	A shirtless man is holding a gas container walking to a gas station .	neutral
A man without a shirt walking towards a gas station .	A shirtless man is walking to a gas station .	entailment
young female in striped shirt holding baby boy with red striped outfit	Young woman holding a fruit basket .	contradiction
young female in striped shirt holding baby boy with red striped outfit	Young woman holding baby boy .	entailment
young female in striped shirt holding baby boy with red striped outfit	Young woman holder her son .	neutral
Very large group of old people riding in boats down a river .	A bunch of older people enjoy tea time .	contradiction
A woman with long dark hair is carrying a bag over her shoulder which says `` hot '' in metallic pink letters .	A lady carries her lunch to work in a shoulder bag with `` HOT '' written on it .	neutral
The man and the lady are wearing glasses and sitting in red chairs talking to John McCain .	Two people are having coffee with John McCain .	neutral
A man in a dark suit talks with a middle-aged man and woman on a stage in front of a large logo of the letter `` D '' with the numeral five within it .	A couple of people stand on stage .	entailment
A man in a dark suit talks with a middle-aged man and woman on a stage in front of a large logo of the letter `` D '' with the numeral five within it .	A couple of people are sitting in a room .	neutral
A man in a dark suit talks with a middle-aged man and woman on a stage in front of a large logo of the letter `` D '' with the numeral five within it .	A couple of people are presenting at a conference .	neutral
A woman has just completed her release in a game of bowling .	A woman is bowling at a bowling alley .	entailment
A woman smiling as she hold two white dishes of food up , there is also a table full of food on the table .	This woman becomes violently nauseous at the sight of food .	contradiction
A woman smiling as she hold two white dishes of food up , there is also a table full of food on the table .	A woman is surrounded by lots of food .	entailment
A young boy in a green shirt and blue pants is playing with a blue toy train on a wooden track .	A young boy is pretending he is a train engineer .	neutral
A young boy in a green shirt and blue pants is playing with a blue toy train on a wooden track .	A young boy is playing with a wooden train set .	entailment
A young boy in a green shirt and blue pants is playing with a blue toy train on a wooden track .	A young boy is driving a pedal car on the sidewalk .	contradiction
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake .	A boy jumps in the water	entailment
A bronze-skinned woman walks a pedestrian path in a form fitting dress .	A woman walks a pedestrian path .	entailment
A man in a brown hat with a beard is holding up a twig .	man trying to start fire	neutral
A man in a brown hat with a beard is holding up a twig .	man holds twig	entailment
A man in a brown hat with a beard is holding up a twig .	girl eats banana	contradiction
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .	The dogs are outside on the race track .	entailment
A white cat sits on a wall .	The cat is on its bed .	contradiction
A man walking in front of a black cement wall with a bag on his shoulder .	A man is in an alley .	neutral
girl posing against a wall in the city	A girl is taking a picture to upload to her Facebook .	neutral
girl posing against a wall in the city	A girl is pulling a wagon along the dirt trail .	contradiction
girl posing against a wall in the city	The girl is standing in front of the wall .	entailment
Three men in white , black and blue shirts with jeans standing on a cliff over the ocean .	People stand by a rocky cliff with water below .	entailment
Three men in white , black and blue shirts with jeans standing on a cliff over the ocean .	Three people are buried under the sand .	contradiction
Three men in white , black and blue shirts with jeans standing on a cliff over the ocean .	A man is about to jump off a cliff into some water .	neutral
A young girl who is barefoot and with a scarf over her head dips her pen in ink and writes in a notebook .	dog chases squirrel	contradiction
A group of Asian children are gathered around in a circle listening to an older male in a white shirt .	A man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
A group of Asian children are gathered around in a circle listening to an older male in a white shirt .	A male is telling some asian kids a story about the lion king	neutral
A group of Asian children are gathered around in a circle listening to an older male in a white shirt .	A male is in a white shirt	entailment
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall .	The woman was sitting on a rubber floating device in the pool .	neutral
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall .	The women was swimming in a pool of chocolate .	contradiction
A man and woman are talking in a party atmosphere with a crowd and purple and blue lights behind them .	A man flirts with a girl at a party and hopes to take her home .	neutral
A man and woman are talking in a party atmosphere with a crowd and purple and blue lights behind them .	A man and woman talk at a party .	entailment
The woman in the black shirt attempts to find her bike in the midst of the crowded street .	A woman wearing a short skirt is on a crowded street .	neutral
The woman in the black shirt attempts to find her bike in the midst of the crowded street .	A woman is on a crowded street .	entailment
A man on a bicycle stops for a rest with his leashed dogs .	The man is walking his pet dinosaur .	contradiction
A girl in a hate with ear flaps and a sweater .	A girl takes a shower while wearing no clothes .	contradiction
A girl in a hate with ear flaps and a sweater .	A girl wears the hat and sweater she received for Christmas .	neutral
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track .	A white race dog runs around his yard .	contradiction
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track .	A dog is winning the race .	neutral
A young boy is dumping a bag of Lego 's onto a glass table .	A boy is excited to build a castle out of legos .	neutral
A little girl in pink boots runs down the street .	A little girl in a yellow dress and pink boots is running down the street after a little boy .	neutral
A little girl in pink boots runs down the street .	A little girl in pink boots is sitting in a chair .	contradiction
A man wearing a top-hat , blue plaid pajama pants , a white shirt , and gold embroidered vest stands in front of an American Flag under a colorfully painted street-front , and speaks to a crowd from a microphone .	A man has on a top hat	entailment
A man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face	A man in a dress is snow boarding .	contradiction
A man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face	A man in a t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing .	entailment
A young puppy suckles from his mother .	A bunch of puppies race around the house .	contradiction
A lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera .	A lady is taking a picture .	neutral
A woman holding a camera .	A woman holds a camera and prepares to take a photo of her family .	neutral
A woman holding a camera .	A woman holds a camera in her hands .	entailment
A woman holding a camera .	A man cuts his hair .	contradiction
A man with a blue shirt and red scarf on his head holds a piece of fruit in front of a wood container full of fruit while a boy bicycles behind him .	A boy bicycles behind a man holding fruit .	entailment
A man with a blue shirt and red scarf on his head holds a piece of fruit in front of a wood container full of fruit while a boy bicycles behind him .	A boy skateboards behind a man holding fruit .	contradiction
Boy on a skateboard in midair at a skate park	A man on a horse .	contradiction
A small blond child is playing with puzzle piece of varying color on the leg of someone else .	A small child is playing by his mom .	neutral
A person is climbing a cliff wall , over a rocky shore , using a rope .	A person is near a body of water .	entailment
A person is climbing a cliff wall , over a rocky shore , using a rope .	A man is swimming to his favorite beach .	contradiction
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something .	A couple stops to look for directions on the busy street .	neutral
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something .	A man walks by himself down an empty road .	contradiction
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something .	The man and woman are outside .	entailment
An old woman is haggling over goods at the local market .	woman giving away stuff on the road	contradiction
An old woman is haggling over goods at the local market .	woman sitting in a cafe	contradiction
Competitive bikers in an inside race cross a line with one biker in blue and white raising his arm .	A race between competitive bikers on an inside track begins as a biker raises his arm .	neutral
Two men , one wearing a red shirt and another wearing a blue shirt , are inspecting a small tree while others are at work in the background .	Two men wearing the same color shirt stand alone indoors .	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt and blue jeans rides a dark brown horse with white feet at the rodeo .	a man rides a bike	contradiction
Five people wear name tags on a necklace and pose together .	The people are on the subway .	contradiction
A man in a tank top holds a metal bar against a wall .	The man is driving a car .	contradiction
A man in a tank top holds a metal bar against a wall .	The man is demolishing a house .	neutral
A woman in a blue shirt and black workout pants practicing martial arts in front of a house .	A woman has a white shirt .	contradiction
A woman in a blue shirt and black workout pants practicing martial arts in front of a house .	A woman has a blue shirt .	entailment
A woman in a blue shirt and black workout pants practicing martial arts in front of a house .	A woman has a light blue shirt .	neutral
People and cars are on a parking lot surrounded by multiple building , one of which has the word PROLOGy above it .	There is a parking lot with people and cars on it .	entailment
People and cars are on a parking lot surrounded by multiple building , one of which has the word PROLOGy above it .	The building has collapsed on top of a bicycle	contradiction
A man in a striped shirt and lady in a black hat are watching a young band perform on stage .	A lady has a light black hat .	neutral
A man in a striped shirt and lady in a black hat are watching a young band perform on stage .	A lady has a white hat .	contradiction
A man in a striped shirt and lady in a black hat are watching a young band perform on stage .	A lady has a black hat .	entailment
A little girl at a museum .	A little girl on the beach .	contradiction
A little girl at a museum .	A person at a museum looking at dinosaurs .	neutral
A little girl at a museum .	A person at a museum .	entailment
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water .	A boy is playing near the water .	entailment
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water .	A boy is building a sandcastle near the water .	neutral
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water .	A girl is playing near the water .	contradiction
People stand on boat dock waiting for their boat to arrive .	People are waiting for the boat to arrive so they can start their cruise .	neutral
A man with a blue shirt and glasses points to a picture in a book in front of a little girl and a stack of books .	The man has nothing on his face .	contradiction
A man with a blue shirt and glasses points to a picture in a book in front of a little girl and a stack of books .	The girl is interested in the picture .	neutral
A man with a blue shirt and glasses points to a picture in a book in front of a little girl and a stack of books .	The man is attempting to draw attention to a picture .	entailment
A man on a bike under a large red umbrella gestures at a group of people .	A guy is riding a bike .	entailment
A man on a bike under a large red umbrella gestures at a group of people .	A man is attempting to get people to come in out of the rain .	neutral
A boy in a blue bathing suit jumps with his arms in the air in a backyard setting .	A boy falls down on the grass .	contradiction
A man with a hooded sweatshirt bows his head in a cathedral .	A man in a hoodie is at the strip club .	contradiction
A woman with an umbrella listens on a mobile phone on the street in front of a graffiti-tagged wall .	A woman is calling for a cab so she wont have to walk in the rain .	contradiction
A woman with an umbrella listens on a mobile phone on the street in front of a graffiti-tagged wall .	A person is on the phone outside in the rain .	entailment
Two tanned men wearing shorts are pulling a fishing net along a beach shore .	The man are pulling in tuna fish .	neutral
The man wearing jacket is looking at he bike .	A man is staring at the blue bike .	neutral
The man wearing jacket is looking at he bike .	A man is watching the bicycle .	entailment
A girl in uniform running through the water fountain gushing water from the tiles .	A girl is running through the water	entailment
A woman walking a dog on a leash at the beach , trailing behind as a pug follows another unseen woman .	a large woman walks a dog	neutral
A woman wearing a brown jacket and brown pants is walking her two dogs along the beach as they follow another person .	A man and women take their dogs for a walk on the beach .	neutral
A woman wearing a brown jacket and brown pants is walking her two dogs along the beach as they follow another person .	A person walks two animals along the beach .	entailment
The older man in a dark blue shirt is using tools to make glass before putting them into a heated kiln .	A man is making glass .	entailment
The older man in a dark blue shirt is using tools to make glass before putting them into a heated kiln .	A man is making a glass jar .	neutral
A young boy showing off a orange and white striped costume with a orange and white joker hat .	The boy has brown hair .	neutral
A man in a white shirt riding a bike down the pavement .	A man is in a white shirt .	entailment
A man in a white shirt riding a bike down the pavement .	The man is in a black shirt .	contradiction
A man in a blue uniform jumps in the air to shoot a basketball .	The man is playing in an NBA game .	neutral
Two young children are sitting atop an elephant that is eating greens and standing in front a platform with man dressed in a white shirt standing off to the side .	The man is telling the elephant where to go .	neutral
Two people kiss on a street blindly-lit in bright white sun while several silhouetted pedestrians walk behind them .	A woman kisses a man in the street after he asks her to marry him .	neutral
Two people kiss on a street blindly-lit in bright white sun while several silhouetted pedestrians walk behind them .	Two people hug as the sun shines down on them .	contradiction
A woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house .	The woman is enjoying the weather .	neutral
A woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house .	The woman is sitting in her kitchen .	contradiction
An old man is sitting down in the street .	An old man rides a bike up the hill .	contradiction
Greyhounds race on a sandy track with the dog in green taking the lead .	Dog in green is winning Greyhound race at track	entailment
A man in a gray long-sleeved shirt is making a transaction with another person from his street market .	A man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
A man in a gray long-sleeved shirt is making a transaction with another person from his street market .	A man is wearing a gray shirt	entailment
Four people wearing street clothes work on the scalp of a woman in an improvised medical treatment .	The woman is getting a haircut .	contradiction
Four people wearing street clothes work on the scalp of a woman in an improvised medical treatment .	Four people are working on a woman 's scalp .	entailment
A family sits on a bench near a beach .	A family is paddling in a boat .	contradiction
A family sits on a bench near a beach .	A family is eating lunch while eating on a bench .	neutral
Guy hitting a baseball in a field of grass outside .	A man is in the grass .	entailment
Guy hitting a baseball in a field of grass outside .	A man is a professional baseball player .	neutral
man in mid stride suspended in air , about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court .	A man in mid pose about to shoot and score the winning basketball game on the court .	contradiction
A person in a striped gray and white shirt moves his bicycle past another man in a yellow shirt and blue pants .	The person is heading to the market on their bicycle .	neutral
A person in a striped gray and white shirt moves his bicycle past another man in a yellow shirt and blue pants .	The person is riding around on his bicycle .	entailment
A lady in a business suit sits at a desk and types on her keyboard .	the boy was listening to music	contradiction
A Man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking across the street .	The man is walking to a store .	neutral
A Man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking across the street .	A woman is running on a dirt track .	contradiction
A large group of people walking down a city street .	group of people going to lunch	neutral
Man builds detailed sand castle on the beach .	The man is in the middle of a busy street .	contradiction
A man sits on a bench with some bags .	A lady sits on a bench with her purse and cell phone .	contradiction
A man sits on a bench with some bags .	A guy is sitting on a bench with his shopping bags and a dog sits by him .	neutral
A man sits on a bench with some bags .	A guy is sitting on a bench with his shopping bags .	neutral
A dog running on grass	A dog is digging in the snow .	contradiction
A dog running on grass	A dog is on the grass .	entailment
A man in an orange vest is waiting at a train station .	A man is sitting outside a train station .	neutral
A man in an orange vest is waiting at a train station .	A man is sitting down on a bench .	neutral
A man in an orange vest is waiting at a train station .	A man is sleeping at the train station .	contradiction
A man wearing all white is using an orange chainsaw to cut down a thick tree next to his house .	A person is outdoors in the rain cutting down trees surrounding his home .	neutral
A man wearing all white is using an orange chainsaw to cut down a thick tree next to his house .	A person in white is cutting down a tree near his home with a saw .	entailment
A man wearing all white is using an orange chainsaw to cut down a thick tree next to his house .	A man is using an ax to chop wood outside of his home .	contradiction
A man wearing a green shirt and a leaf on his head , runs in a race with a bottle of water in his hand and his eyes closed .	A woman is eating dinner	contradiction
A man wearing a green shirt and a leaf on his head , runs in a race with a bottle of water in his hand and his eyes closed .	A man is running a race	entailment
A man in a blue shirt , khaki shorts , ball cap and white socks and loafers walking behind a group of people walking down a stone walkway with a water bottle in his left hand .	A man is walking behind a group of people .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt , khaki shorts , ball cap and white socks and loafers walking behind a group of people walking down a stone walkway with a water bottle in his left hand .	A man in a blue shirt , khaki shorts , ball cap and blue socks and loafers walking behind a group of people walking down a stone walkway with a water bottle in his left hand .	contradiction
Guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him .	The guitar is on fire .	contradiction
Guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him .	The guy teaches his new guitar tricks to his friend .	neutral
A man with a black shirt , shorts and a black messenger bag , is listening to a man , sitting with black pants and a white t-shirt , playing the guitar .	There are some people in clothes and there is a musical instrument .	entailment
A man with a black shirt , shorts and a black messenger bag , is listening to a man , sitting with black pants and a white t-shirt , playing the guitar .	One man serenades the other man .	neutral
An man wearing headphones observes an older man performing his guitar on a public street bench .	The two men are near a public street bench outside	entailment
An man wearing headphones observes an older man performing his guitar on a public street bench .	One man is listening to rap music while the older man is playing rock music	neutral
A person wearing jeans , a blue shirt and a helmet is riding a four-wheeler in a sandy area .	A man is driving a four wheeler on the beach .	neutral
A person wearing jeans , a blue shirt and a helmet is riding a four-wheeler in a sandy area .	A woman is riding a motorcycle down the road .	contradiction
A man with a cap and brown shirt is standing on a grassy incline by a pile of hay or grass on some kind of wooden sled attached to a horse with chains .	A duck is decorated with the finest jewels known to duck .	contradiction
A man with a cap and brown shirt is standing on a grassy incline by a pile of hay or grass on some kind of wooden sled attached to a horse with chains .	A farmer is leading his horse carrying hay back to the barn .	neutral
A man with a cap and brown shirt is standing on a grassy incline by a pile of hay or grass on some kind of wooden sled attached to a horse with chains .	A man is outside next to a sled filled with hay pulled by a horse .	entailment
An older man sitting on a bench , on the sidewalk , reading a book .	A young lady stands at a bus station .	contradiction
An older man sitting on a bench , on the sidewalk , reading a book .	An old guy sits on a bench by a cracked sidewalk reading a red book .	neutral
An older man sitting on a bench , on the sidewalk , reading a book .	A guy on a bench reading .	entailment
A man in a suit and tie is opening a door .	There is one man in this picture .	entailment
A man in a suit and tie is opening a door .	The man is baking a cake for his wife 's birthday party .	contradiction
A group of people stand around a young man wearing a black and white checkered shirt who is sitting at a table with his head down .	The people are swimming at the pool club	contradiction
A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth .	The dog flies through the air	contradiction
A little girl wearing a cardboard diner hat is finishing off some onion rings at a restaurant .	There is a girl celebrating her birthday at a restaurant .	neutral
A little girl wearing a cardboard diner hat is finishing off some onion rings at a restaurant .	There is a girl eating at a restaurant whilst wearing a hat .	entailment
A woman is standing on the sidewalk , in front of a crosswalk .	A woman on the sidewalk .	entailment
a boy and girl hold hands walking down a railroad track	The boy and girl are outside .	entailment
a boy and girl hold hands walking down a railroad track	The boy and girl are arguing .	contradiction
People walk amongst a traffic jam in a crowded city .	The traffic is halted and people are walking between the cars .	entailment
Men in dark clothes and women in dark , decorative skirts are looking at books while another man is standing in front of them holding a circular object .	the people are running through fire	contradiction
A white man in the shower has fashioned his hair into a mohawk hairstyle using soap suds .	A Caucasian man plays with his hair in the shower .	entailment
A white man in the shower has fashioned his hair into a mohawk hairstyle using soap suds .	A man wears a hat while sitting on the sofa .	contradiction
A white man in the shower has fashioned his hair into a mohawk hairstyle using soap suds .	A man in the shower makes a funny hairstyle for his laughing son .	neutral
A man under a running shower with shampoo in his hair .	A woman is washing her hair in a running shower .	contradiction
A man under a running shower with shampoo in his hair .	A man is shampooing his hair in a shower with a ducky themed shower curtain .	neutral
An artist dressed in a gray sweatshirt is working on a brightly colored painting of a town .	A painter is dressed in gray and working on a painting of a town .	entailment
An artist dressed in a gray sweatshirt is working on a brightly colored painting of a town .	A person is holding a baseball bat and standing at the plate awaiting an oncoming pitch .	contradiction
a man exiting a truck behind a fence	A man gets out of a truck .	entailment
The view of a man with a shaved head and blue shirt through a chain-linked fence .	A woman with a shaved head and a beard behind a chain-linked fence .	contradiction
The view of a man with a shaved head and blue shirt through a chain-linked fence .	A man with a shaved head behind a chain-linked fence .	entailment
The view of a man with a shaved head and blue shirt through a chain-linked fence .	A man with a shaved head and a beard behind a chain-linked fence .	entailment
A short-haired man in a pink striped shirt is turned away from the camera while holding a tray carrying a number of glasses , while a frizzy-haired woman looks on .	A tall person with hair	neutral
A short-haired man in a pink striped shirt is turned away from the camera while holding a tray carrying a number of glasses , while a frizzy-haired woman looks on .	A person with hair	entailment
An older woman sits at a table in a tank top and skirt .	An older woman is sitting at a table	entailment
An older woman sits at a table in a tank top and skirt .	A woman is twerking in the club	contradiction
An old woman drinking water in a yellow room	An old woman is eating lunch in a blue room .	contradiction
An old woman drinking water in a yellow room	A n old woman is waitng for someone in a yellow room .	neutral
An old woman drinking water in a yellow room	An old woman is in a yellow room .	entailment
The person and the dog are sitting on the yellow canoe .	The man is using the dog as a paddle .	contradiction
This young girl 's eyes are filled with excitement as she swings in her bright yellow dress .	The girl is asleep in her car seat .	contradiction
Black greyhound dog racing down a track .	The dog is on the track .	entailment
Black greyhound dog racing down a track .	The dog is in a race .	entailment
Black greyhound dog racing down a track .	The dog is asleep in the park .	contradiction
A woman in a red hat waiting in line .	The woman is waiting to order a sandwich .	neutral
A woman in a red hat waiting in line .	The woman is eating a sandwich .	contradiction
A woman in a red hat waiting in line .	A woman stands in a line .	entailment
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field .	A girl is in the field .	entailment
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field .	A girl is running across the busy street .	contradiction
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field .	A girl is running across the field to see her dog .	neutral
A man in all black clothes does a breakdancing move .	The man is dancing on the street .	neutral
A man in all black clothes does a breakdancing move .	The man in black dances to 80 's pop music .	neutral
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store .	A man and woman are in a hardware store .	entailment
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store .	A man and woman are outside of a store .	neutral
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store .	A couple is shopping in a store .	entailment
The little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs .	a little girl is handing a ball to dog	entailment
The little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs .	a girl eating her dinner	contradiction
The little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs .	a girl is handing a ball to her pet dog	neutral
A man and a woman hug on a street .	A man and woman hug .	entailment
A little boy with an orange shirt is playing outside with bubbles .	The boy was given a bubble bath after playing outside .	contradiction
A little boy with an orange shirt is playing outside with bubbles .	A young child is blowing soapy water to form circles filled with air .	neutral
Four people are in the process of creating colorful lanterns in their lantern shop .	The people are baking a cake .	contradiction
Four people are in the process of creating colorful lanterns in their lantern shop .	The people are painting the lanterns red .	neutral
A woman dressed in a black shirt with purple bikini bottoms is playing volleyball in a fenced in area .	a woman with red bikini bottoms is playing volleyball	contradiction
A woman dressed in a black shirt with purple bikini bottoms is playing volleyball in a fenced in area .	a woman with bikini bottoms is playing volleyball with friends	neutral
A young woman and some friends at a party .	Some friends drinking and listening to music at a party .	neutral
A young woman and some friends at a party .	A man and his brother driving by the beach .	contradiction
Several people , including a boy in a striped shirt walk on a concrete path away from a body of water .	People are walking on a dirt path .	contradiction
A blond girl with a graphic t-shirt wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn .	The blond girl is wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn to put lawn trimmings in .	neutral
A blond girl with a graphic t-shirt wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn .	The blond girl is sleeping in bed .	contradiction
Two women both dressed in white tops and dark-colored shorts are standing in front of some motorcycles on a city street	One woman and one man stand in front of a new car while wearing green sweaters .	contradiction
Two women both dressed in white tops and dark-colored shorts are standing in front of some motorcycles on a city street	Two women wearing tops and shorts stand by some motorcycle in the street .	entailment
A young man shielding himself from a stream of water from a fire engine by using an umbrella .	A fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella .	entailment
A young man shielding himself from a stream of water from a fire engine by using an umbrella .	A young man gets hit in the face with a frisbee .	contradiction
A young man shielding himself from a stream of water from a fire engine by using an umbrella .	A broken fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella .	neutral
An African American man getting his haircut by another man .	A White man is getting his hair cut .	contradiction
An African American man getting his haircut by another man .	A Black man is getting his hair cut .	entailment
An African American man getting his haircut by another man .	A Spanish man is cutting another mans hair .	neutral
Three people walking down a hallway at the train station .	A few people are sitting in a dining car of a train drinking coffee .	contradiction
A woman in a bathroom , sitting on the sink , is doing her makeup .	A woman puts on clown makeup .	neutral
A woman in a bathroom , sitting on the sink , is doing her makeup .	A woman puts on makeup .	entailment
A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them .	A man observes the broken furniture nearby	neutral
A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water	A person is in the grass holding a fishing pole and wearing a yellow hat .	entailment
A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water	A person in the grass is wearing a yellow hat and holding a fishing pole to catch catfish .	neutral
A group of people are standing inside an office	Some people are seen inside a room .	entailment
A group of people are standing inside an office	The couple is taking a picture .	contradiction
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands .	a man and a woman are celebrating a birthday	neutral
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands .	a man and woman are at the table together	entailment
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands .	a man and a dog are eating ham	contradiction
A group of people are sitting under umbrellas on the beach .	A man is talking to a dog on thebeach	contradiction
Seven people ride motorbikes through a sand course .	Seven people are racing in the parking lot at the grocery store .	contradiction
Seven people are riding bikes on a sandy track .	The people are riding bikes on a street .	contradiction
A man wearing a suit with a name tag stands reading in front of a microphone as a screen behind him displays a presentation .	A man with a name tag that reads `` Ben '' is standing in front of a screen .	entailment
A man wearing a suit with a name tag stands reading in front of a microphone as a screen behind him displays a presentation .	A man wearing a zombie costume is at a party holding a brown beer bottle .	contradiction
A group of men are on scaffolds painting a wall .	The men are painting the wall black .	neutral
A boy in an innertube in the pool splashing and smiling .	A boy in a pool .	entailment
A boy in an innertube in the pool splashing and smiling .	A boy enjoys himself at the pool .	entailment
A man in a green apron smiles behind a food stand .	A woman in blue buys food .	contradiction
A man in a green apron smiles behind a food stand .	A man sells food .	neutral
A man in a black suit and tie is walking in front of a fancy building with the word grace written on it	A man walks in front of a building with the word grace	entailment
A man in a black suit and tie is walking in front of a fancy building with the word grace written on it	A man walks in front of his new building , with the word grace on it	neutral
A man in a black suit and tie is walking in front of a fancy building with the word grace written on it	A woman walks in front of a newly establishes building	contradiction
Jet flying low over a field with a woman in the field .	A jet flies over a woman in a field .	entailment
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store .	A man is holding his daughter while looking at toys in a store .	neutral
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store .	A man is pushing a baby stroller walking down the street .	contradiction
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store .	A man is looking at toys in a store .	entailment
Three people getting out a van .	A group of people exit the vehicle .	entailment
Three people getting out a van .	Three people get into their van .	contradiction
Three people loading or unloading their car .	A person eating during lunch .	contradiction
Three people loading or unloading their car .	Three people carrying items from a car .	entailment
A man and a woman in a crowd of people on a street at night .	A man and a woman join the crowd to watch something	neutral
A man and a woman in a crowd of people on a street at night .	A man and a woman stand in the street at night	entailment
A man and a woman in a crowd of people on a street at night .	A man and a woman walk into a building	contradiction
A man in sunglasses and shorts carrying a stick is walking .	A man is pretending to be blind so he con people .	neutral
A super car is spinning tires on a raceway track creating smoke near a crowd .	A super car is racing on a track .	neutral
Two older men speak into microphones on a stage , while a projector screen displays a vintage photo of a young man behind them .	Two men are sitting handcuffed in a police station .	contradiction
A man standing on a boat in a yellow jumpsuit helping another man in a yellow jumpsuit climb up a ladder on a bigger ship .	Two men on a boat enjoying their vacation .	neutral
A drummer plays the drums , while wearing a black dress shirt , and black and gray striped tie .	A woman in a black dress plays the piano .	contradiction
A drummer plays the drums , while wearing a black dress shirt , and black and gray striped tie .	A band plays loud rock music with a heavy drum solo .	neutral
A group of people are watching a band play music while one lady tries to take a picture of them .	Some people are fishing in a river .	contradiction
A group of people are watching a band play music while one lady tries to take a picture of them .	A group of people are watching a band play music .	entailment
A young woman with a ponytail and her back to the camera is taking a picture of what seems to be some sort of procession .	A girl is taking a picture of others	entailment
A young woman with a ponytail and her back to the camera is taking a picture of what seems to be some sort of procession .	A girl has time-traveled to the past to take pictures of the first Macy 's Thanksgiving Day parade .	contradiction
A young woman with a ponytail and her back to the camera is taking a picture of what seems to be some sort of procession .	A girl is taking pictures of a parade .	neutral
A man wearing a mask with green dreadlocks and blue gloves stands in front of a woman in a brown cardigan .	The man with the unkempt hair is scaring the lady near him .	neutral
A man wearing a mask with green dreadlocks and blue gloves stands in front of a woman in a brown cardigan .	The man wearing the mask is bald and is reading a comic book to his son .	contradiction
A race car driver leaps from a burning car .	A race car driver performing a movie stunt .	neutral
A race car driver leaps from a burning car .	A race car driver parallel parking his car .	contradiction
A race car driver leaps from a burning car .	A race car driver escaping danger .	entailment
A woman wearing a gray top and a purple headband plays toy trains with a little boy in a white shirt .	The little boy eats breakfast .	contradiction
A woman wearing a gray top and a purple headband plays toy trains with a little boy in a white shirt .	The woman is playing toy trains with a little boy .	entailment
A bridge with green supports leads to a sidewalk lining a row of houses with slanted roofs , a person is visible in the background walking towards the photographer past a bicycle .	The photographer is at a photo shoot in a building .	contradiction
A bridge with green supports leads to a sidewalk lining a row of houses with slanted roofs , a person is visible in the background walking towards the photographer past a bicycle .	The person is walking to the store .	neutral
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .	A young woman talks to her baby at the park .	neutral
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .	A woman is talking to a baby .	entailment
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .	A woman is chatting with her best friend over coffee .	contradiction
A mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters .	A mom is taking a family photo with her son and two daughters	neutral
A mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters .	Mom is taking a family photo .	entailment
A mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters .	A mom and her two daughters are swimming in the ocean .	contradiction
A young boy looking at a picture book .	A boy sitting in the grass looking at a book .	neutral
A young boy looking at a picture book .	A boy looking at pictures in a book .	entailment
A man in a green shirt and black hat is smoothing concrete .	A person is resurfacing the sidewalk of a well known street .	neutral
An older man wearing a winter coat and jeans stands in front of a large , wheeled flower cart .	The older man has a tank top on .	contradiction
Four people , One male in a blue shirt and slacks with three females , one in pink , one in blue , and the other with a white shirt and blue blouse , in line to enter a yellow school bus , while a female in pink hold paper is on the phone .	There are three girls and one boy waiting for the school bus .	entailment
Four people , One male in a blue shirt and slacks with three females , one in pink , one in blue , and the other with a white shirt and blue blouse , in line to enter a yellow school bus , while a female in pink hold paper is on the phone .	Four people , One male in a blue shirt and slacks with three females , one in pink , one in blue , and the other with a blue shirt and blue blouse , in line to enter a yellow school bus , while a female in pink hold paper is on the phone .	contradiction
Four people , One male in a blue shirt and slacks with three females , one in pink , one in blue , and the other with a white shirt and blue blouse , in line to enter a yellow school bus , while a female in pink hold paper is on the phone .	The people waiting in line are in middle school .	neutral
A man reclining with his feet up on the desk .	A man is leaning back in his chair .	entailment
A man reclining with his feet up on the desk .	A man is standing next to his desk .	contradiction
The little girl in yellow is touching the dad who has shaving cream on his face .	A little girl is shaving her fathers head	contradiction
The little girl in yellow is touching the dad who has shaving cream on his face .	A girl tugs on her fathers hand as she watches him shave his moustache	neutral
Man in white t-shirt , black shorts , walking along side female with a white tank top , beige shorts , and an older woman with black hair , white shirt , black shorts .	Three people are on the moon .	contradiction
Two women talking over a glass of wine .	A man is building a house .	contradiction
Two women talking over a glass of wine .	A couple woman are chatting during a wine tasting tour .	neutral
A woman in a brown shirt and a man in a hat cross the street .	A man and woman are walking in the street .	entailment
A woman in a brown shirt and a man in a hat cross the street .	A man and woman are walking down the hallway of their house .	contradiction
A woman in a brown shirt and a man in a hat cross the street .	A man and woman are late for their dinner reservation .	neutral
Two people standing in front of a waterfall scenery .	Two people are standing in front of an train .	contradiction
Two people standing in front of a waterfall scenery .	Two people are in front of some scenery .	entailment
A woman in a blue star printed dress stands next to a grill with food on it .	The woman has her husband hog tied and cooking on the barbecue .	contradiction
A woman in a blue star printed dress stands next to a grill with food on it .	A woman in a starry dress is near a grill that is cooking .	entailment
A taxi is trying to drive on a street amidst a crowd of people .	The taxi is in the garage .	contradiction
A little girl , wearing a yellow , zip-front outfit is holding a flower and a basket and pointing upwards .	A girl is holding a rose .	neutral
There is a blue bowl and a fruit platter on the table which is covered with a white tablecloth .	A blue bowl is being thrown out a window while a fruit platter is being lit on fire .	contradiction
A few people walking in the distance of a small town .	The people are leaving the town	neutral
A few people walking in the distance of a small town .	There are people bombing the town	contradiction
A woman in a dress talking on the phone while holding a dog leash .	A woman is talking to a friend on the phone .	neutral
A woman in a dress talking on the phone while holding a dog leash .	A woman is talking on the phone .	entailment
A woman in a dress talking on the phone while holding a dog leash .	A woman threw her phone into the pond .	contradiction
A van with writing on it driving in front of a store .	A vehicle driving down the street .	entailment
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .	There is a person on a skateboard .	entailment
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .	There is a person doing leg presses at the local gym .	contradiction
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .	There is a person imitating a skateboard trick from Tony Hawk .	neutral
Three teenagers , two without shoes having a water gun fight with various types of guns trying to spray each other .	Three people have a water fight .	entailment
Man and a woman walking on the street	There are at least two people in the picture .	entailment
Man and a woman walking on the street	The man and woman are making love in the street .	contradiction
Man and a woman walking on the street	The man and woman are holding hands .	neutral
A young female dancer , wearing a pink top and pants , with her hair pulled behind her in a long ponytail , executes a step with one raised leg bent at the knee , and both arms extended and bent at the wrist , while two young people sit on folding chairs and watch .	A dance drives a car .	contradiction
A man does a jump trick on a bike .	The man is doing a bike trick .	entailment
A man does a jump trick on a bike .	The boy fell off his bike .	contradiction
A butterfly has lit on the head of this sleeping toddler .	A butterfly is on the head of a toddler .	entailment
A man in a restaurant having lunch .	The man is at a restaurant .	entailment
A young man is holding a small boy who is wearing a backpack in front of a derelict building in a poor country .	A man is touring a city with his son	neutral
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock .	A dog is sleeping under the porch .	contradiction
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock .	A dog leaps into a lake from a huge rock .	neutral
Long-haired man in blue jeans carrying red bass drum above his head while talking on the phone .	A man is walking not on the phone .	contradiction
Long-haired man in blue jeans carrying red bass drum above his head while talking on the phone .	A man is carrying a drum while talking on the phone about his upcoming performance .	neutral
Long-haired man in blue jeans carrying red bass drum above his head while talking on the phone .	A man is carrying a drum while on the phone .	entailment
A man cutting a Woman 's hair .	A guy cooking a grilled cheese .	contradiction
A man cutting a Woman 's hair .	A guy snipping a ladys hair .	entailment
A man cutting a Woman 's hair .	A guy styling by cutting a ladys hair .	entailment
A woman standing on one hand in an empty pool .	The woman treads water after diving into the lake from a wooden dock .	contradiction
A woman standing on one hand in an empty pool .	The woman is a real estate agent specializing in renovation sales , and takes a moment to goof for her co-workers camera .	contradiction
A woman standing on one hand in an empty pool .	The pool is not full of water .	entailment
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .	A woman with no jacket freezes in the street .	contradiction
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .	A woman in a jacket riding a bike .	entailment
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .	A woman in a jacket riding a bike to work .	neutral
An asian man wearing a blue shirt is kicking up water .	The man is kicking up dirt .	contradiction
An asian man wearing a blue shirt is kicking up water .	The asian man is moving through a puddle .	neutral
A woman dressed in black looking perplexed and a woman in a red jacket offering to help her .	A woman is looking perplexed at a confusing picture .	neutral
A person in a gray shirt doles a substance into cups on a green tray while a woman in a seafoam green sweater on their left squirts a liquid into a bucket .	a person moves stuff into cups while a lady in green puts something else in a bucket	entailment
A man and a woman are competing in a road rice .	A man and women laying down in bed	contradiction
Two men in a black in red vehicle on the beach .	The vehicle is on the beach .	entailment
A woman in a red and white jacket riding a bicycle .	a woman is sleeping on a chair	contradiction
A woman in a red and white jacket riding a bicycle .	a woman on a busy street	neutral
A woman in a red and white jacket riding a bicycle .	a woman rides a bike	entailment
A man in a black and blue jacket and a white helmet skiing down a hill swiftly .	A man goes down the ski hill swiftly because he is an expert .	neutral
A man in a black and blue jacket and a white helmet skiing down a hill swiftly .	A man walks down a snowy hill .	contradiction
A man in a black and blue jacket and a white helmet skiing down a hill swiftly .	A man skiing down a hill .	entailment
A young girl with long hair , glasses and a lip ring playing on her iPhone in a brightly lit room .	a girl with long hair	entailment
Three girls in street clothes and sneakers perform act out a synchronized performance or dance while on a stage .	The girls are at home having a tea party .	contradiction
A man with a bald head and wearing eyeglasses is carving a turkey .	A man is carving a bird .	entailment
A man with a bald head and wearing eyeglasses is carving a turkey .	A man is slicing a cake .	contradiction
A man sits in a dingy stall which says `` Sol Septu '' on the sidewalk while a man poses before the stand but does not look at it .	A man works in a stall while another man stands in front of the stall keeping watch for troublemakers .	neutral
A man sits in a dingy stall which says `` Sol Septu '' on the sidewalk while a man poses before the stand but does not look at it .	A still sits in a dingy man which says `` why '' on the sidewalk while a stall poses before the man but refuses to look in it 's direction .	contradiction
Young boy in swimsuit plays in sprinklers outside	A boy drying himself by a pool .	contradiction
Young boy in swimsuit plays in sprinklers outside	A child outside in water .	entailment
A man with wine near a Christmas tree .	A man is fishing at the beach .	contradiction
Man looking at a woman that is smoking on the sidewalk .	Two people on a date stop by the side of the road to look in a store front window .	contradiction
Man looking at a woman that is smoking on the sidewalk .	Two people are outside on the side of the street .	entailment
Two men , one with a camera and another with hair clippers are helping another man in kitchen .	a man is about to cut hair	neutral
A person with a dark yellow baseball cap and a gray sweatshirt is in the air over an outdoor fountain in front of a cityscape .	The person in the air is asian .	neutral
A person with a dark yellow baseball cap and a gray sweatshirt is in the air over an outdoor fountain in front of a cityscape .	The person is wearing a baseball cap .	entailment
A young man wearing a blue shirt with white words , black jeans , and inline skates is sitting on a concrete seat looking forward while a group are people are in the background .	A young man waits for his friends at a skate park .	neutral
A young man wearing a blue shirt with white words , black jeans , and inline skates is sitting on a concrete seat looking forward while a group are people are in the background .	A young man in inline skates sits on a concrete seat .	entailment
A young man wearing a blue shirt with white words , black jeans , and inline skates is sitting on a concrete seat looking forward while a group are people are in the background .	A young man in a red shirt sits in his ice skates .	contradiction
A group of people gather on a outdoor patio .	People are cooking a barbecue at the beach .	contradiction
A black dog running through the forest .	A grey dog sniffing a mushroom outside .	contradiction
Two women on the dance floor with other people dancing .	Two women are dancing on the dance floor .	entailment
Two women on the dance floor with other people dancing .	No one is dancing on the dance floor with the two women .	contradiction
A girl holds onto a rope above the water .	A girl is above some water .	entailment
A man in a red sweater holds a child on top of his shoulders .	The man is touching the child .	entailment
A man in a red sweater holds a child on top of his shoulders .	The man is wearing sunglasses .	neutral
A man in a red sweater holds a child on top of his shoulders .	The man is alone in his house .	contradiction
a woman siting in a black polka dot bathing suit top , and blue high waist underwear bottoms sitting in the sidewalk with three bags and a green bottle .	A woman in a polka dot swim suit sits with three bags and a bottle .	entailment
a woman siting in a black polka dot bathing suit top , and blue high waist underwear bottoms sitting in the sidewalk with three bags and a green bottle .	A man is with sheep on a farm in the forest .	contradiction
a woman siting in a black polka dot bathing suit top , and blue high waist underwear bottoms sitting in the sidewalk with three bags and a green bottle .	A woman looks odd sitting on the sidewalk with several bags and a bottle while wearing a bathing suit .	neutral
woman with not a whole lot of clothes on playing on phone	A woman is on her phone .	entailment
woman with not a whole lot of clothes on playing on phone	The woman wearing multiple layers of winter clothing is texting her friend .	contradiction
woman with not a whole lot of clothes on playing on phone	A scantily clad stripper is on her phone waiting for her turn to dance .	neutral
A squatting couple outdoors , engaged with a kneeling street performer or vendor reading from a book of manga .	Some people are squatting on a street .	entailment
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients .	Two people are watching a street performer read from a book .	entailment
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients .	The street performer is standing on the sidewalk .	neutral
Three people each lead one camel with riders in a silhouetted line across sand dunes and a gray sky .	A group of people are being given a tour across a desert .	neutral
Three people each lead one camel with riders in a silhouetted line across sand dunes and a gray sky .	A group of people getting ready to go for a swim in a lake .	contradiction
A party is held and many people mingle and gather for the occasion .	Many people are mingling at a party .	entailment
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent .	A man is riding his scooter next to a crowd people .	entailment
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent .	The man is driving his car to the park .	contradiction
A man in a dark floral shirt and black jeans walks buy a brightly colored wall painted with a woman with bright green eyes .	A man walks past a newly painted mural of a woman .	entailment
A man in a dark floral shirt and black jeans walks buy a brightly colored wall painted with a woman with bright green eyes .	There is a wall with a green eyed woman painted on it and a man walking past it .	entailment
A man in a dark floral shirt and black jeans walks buy a brightly colored wall painted with a woman with bright green eyes .	A man walks past a blank wall dressed in shorts and a white t-shirt .	contradiction
A little girl wearing a tan sundress with a bow in the back holds a bouquet of flowers on the sidewalk .	A girl wearing a dress holds flowers on the sidewalk	entailment
A little girl wearing a tan sundress with a bow in the back holds a bouquet of flowers on the sidewalk .	A girl holds flowers for her mother on the sidewalk	neutral
A little girl wearing a tan sundress with a bow in the back holds a bouquet of flowers on the sidewalk .	A boy holds flowers for his mother on the sidewalk	contradiction
This is a man in a photo booth .	A man at a restaurant .	contradiction
This is a man in a photo booth .	A man in a photo booth .	entailment
This is a man in a photo booth .	A man in a photo booth at a carnival .	neutral
A girl is playing the keyboard with her band .	A young girl is playing in a band .	entailment
A girl is playing the keyboard with her band .	A teenage girl is at a band concert .	neutral
A woman with a blue shirt is reading to her son .	a woman is telling her a son a scary story	neutral
A woman with a blue shirt is reading to her son .	a woman is sitting in a blizzard with her son	contradiction
Young people sit in plastic chairs arranged around a set of stairs in a covered concrete area , wearing swim clothes , resting , and waiting .	People are wearing swim clothes , waiting for the sun to come out .	neutral
A police officer , wearing his helmet , standing next to his motorcycle , standing next to a taller , bald , black male , wearing brown pants , his leather jacket across his shoulder .	a police officer stands next to his motorcycle with another man in leather nearby	entailment
A police officer , wearing his helmet , standing next to his motorcycle , standing next to a taller , bald , black male , wearing brown pants , his leather jacket across his shoulder .	a man impersonating a police officer flies with a jetpack	contradiction
A police officer , wearing his helmet , standing next to his motorcycle , standing next to a taller , bald , black male , wearing brown pants , his leather jacket across his shoulder .	a police officer offers a man in leather to go for a motorcycle ride	neutral
Police officer and his motorcycle in a crowd of people at a protest .	A police officer is on his motorcycle .	entailment
A man is taking a scenic photo of mountains while framing the foreground with low-growth , colorful brush .	There is a person on vacation .	neutral
A man is taking a scenic photo of mountains while framing the foreground with low-growth , colorful brush .	There is a person taking a picture .	entailment
A man is taking a scenic photo of mountains while framing the foreground with low-growth , colorful brush .	There is a person taking a close-up self portrait .	contradiction
Middle-aged man in casual clothes looking off-camera .	The man 's face is in profile .	neutral
A child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them .	An adult and child are playing in the water .	entailment
Colorfully dressed man dancing in the streets , while balancing something on his head .	There is a man practicing a routine for his street performance .	neutral
A shopper buys cat food at a Walmart	A homeless person buys cat food for dinner at Walmart .	neutral
A shopper buys cat food at a Walmart	A person shops for their pet at a store .	entailment
A shopper buys cat food at a Walmart	An employee at Walmart stocks dog food .	contradiction
There is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield .	The baseball player is playing hockey .	contradiction
There is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield .	The baseball player is on the field .	entailment
A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf .	a guy with a jacket kisses a woman with a scarf	entailment
A woman wearing a vertical striped top , sitting on a bench beside a telephone booth in a train station .	A woman gets on a train .	contradiction
A woman wearing a vertical striped top , sitting on a bench beside a telephone booth in a train station .	A woman waits for a train .	neutral
A woman wearing a vertical striped top , sitting on a bench beside a telephone booth in a train station .	A woman is at a train station on a bench .	entailment
A man doing a trick in the air on his bike .	The woman is doing bike tricks .	contradiction
A man doing a trick in the air on his bike .	The man is on his bike .	entailment
A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune .	A girl in a bikini is buried in the sand .	contradiction
A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune .	A girl in a bikini jumps .	entailment
A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune .	A girl in a bikini jumps off a dune into a pirate ship .	contradiction
A little kid is jumping off a brick balcony .	A child is sleeping in bed .	contradiction
A man is throwing water on a woman in front of a brick building while two men and another woman watch .	The man is throwing water on a woman .	entailment
A man is throwing water on a woman in front of a brick building while two men and another woman watch .	The woman screams as the water hits her .	neutral
A child wearing a red shirt playing .	A child wearing a red shirt playing outside .	neutral
A child wearing a red shirt playing .	A child wearing a yellow shirt sleeping .	contradiction
A child wearing a red shirt playing .	A child wearing a red shirt playing a game inside .	neutral
Two women both in sandals , one in a green hat is tying the other woman 's dress strap .	One person fixes anothers dress .	entailment
What appears to be a taller bald white man sitting next to a shorter black man in a reception area .	The short black man is friends with the bald white man .	neutral
What appears to be a taller bald white man sitting next to a shorter black man in a reception area .	The taller bald white man is standing by the short black man .	entailment
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .	A woman wearing a white shirt crosses a bridge in a wooded area .	entailment
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .	A woman wearing a black shirt and khakis crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .	contradiction
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .	A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area to get to her husband .	neutral
A group of people are taking a fun train ride .	People ride the train into the city .	neutral
A man is roller-skating down the wall next to some white steps .	A woman is paying for lunch .	contradiction
A man prepares to enter the red building .	The woman left the building .	contradiction
A man prepares to enter the red building .	The man prepared to enter the building .	entailment
A man prepares to enter the red building .	The man prepared to enter the building for his interview .	neutral
A little girl plays in the ocean on the beach .	The girl plays on the shore .	entailment
A little girl plays in the ocean on the beach .	The girl is building a sand castle .	neutral
A little girl plays in the ocean on the beach .	The girl is afraid of the sand .	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and red hat is looking at a torch .	A man is wearing clothes .	entailment
A man in a gray shirt sorts through Hawaiian style shirts in a department store .	The man is shopping at the department store .	entailment
A man in a gray shirt sorts through Hawaiian style shirts in a department store .	The man is shopping at the hardware store .	contradiction
An overweight man riding a bicycle to work	The man is riding a bicycle .	entailment
An overweight man riding a bicycle to work	The man is riding a homemade bicycle .	neutral
Girl in purple jacket leaning against a wall .	A lady is waiting in line at a concert .	neutral
A boy in s striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain .	A boy jumps in front of a water fountain .	entailment
A boy in s striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain .	A boy jumps in a crowded area by a fountain .	neutral
3 people having coffee outside of a museum .	3 people are outside with coffee .	entailment
3 people having coffee outside of a museum .	3 people are eating ice cream outside of a mall .	contradiction
A woman is eating at a table as people walk by .	A woman is eating lunch while on her break at work .	neutral
A woman is eating at a table as people walk by .	A woman is typing on her computer while drinking coffee .	contradiction
girl with helmet riding a brown horse	The girl is on top of a horse .	entailment
A bridal party is posing for a picture outdoors .	The best man is taking pictures from the bachelor party .	contradiction
A bridal party is posing for a picture outdoors .	The party is taking pictures before a wedding .	neutral
The white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water .	The dog is wading through shallow water .	entailment
The white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water .	The dog is wading through water to get to his toy .	neutral
The white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water .	The white and brown dog is standing on the edge of the water .	contradiction
A man in a small kayak is floating down the river .	A man is waiting in traffic .	contradiction
A man in a small kayak is floating down the river .	A man is in a boat .	entailment
Here is a little girl drinking her soda at what looks like an aquarium while the dolphin swims in the background .	There is a girl with an animal	entailment
Here is a little girl drinking her soda at what looks like an aquarium while the dolphin swims in the background .	The girl is on a school field trip	neutral
A woman wearing a large bandanna around her neck is sitting at a table putting poker chips into a plastic bag .	a woman sitting at a table is done playing poker , so she is putting the poker chips away .	neutral
A woman wearing a large bandanna around her neck is sitting at a table putting poker chips into a plastic bag .	a woman is standing at a table playing poker .	contradiction
A woman wearing a large bandanna around her neck is sitting at a table putting poker chips into a plastic bag .	a woman is wearing fashion accessories while sitting at a table .	entailment
on a snowy day a man with a north face jacket walks through the crowded streets past a garbage truck	The man is wearing a ski jacket outside to walk to work .	neutral
on a snowy day a man with a north face jacket walks through the crowded streets past a garbage truck	A man walks down the street in winter .	entailment
on a snowy day a man with a north face jacket walks through the crowded streets past a garbage truck	The garbage man is handing out icicles .	contradiction
A family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son , whom is wearing a blue jacket .	A family holds hands in the snow .	entailment
A family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son , whom is wearing a blue jacket .	A family enjoy the beach on a summer day .	contradiction
A family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son , whom is wearing a blue jacket .	A family holds hands in the snow in Alaska .	neutral
An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall .	A dripping wet woman walks in front of a waterfall after swimming .	neutral
An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall .	A woman dripping with water walks in front of a waterfall .	entailment
An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall .	A woman is sitting in the desert with a flat tire .	contradiction
An older gentleman in a blue sports jacket and glasses is talking to a woman in an off-white jacket .	The older man is talking to another man .	contradiction
An older gentleman in a blue sports jacket and glasses is talking to a woman in an off-white jacket .	The older man is wearing a blue jacket .	entailment
A man standing a busy European town square with a tall placard sign printed with biblical phrases .	Devil worshipers place black candles and dark drawings on the floor of an abandoned building .	contradiction
A crowd of people , almost all in helmets , some in masks , face the camera while someone in a red cap looks backward .	The camera catches the faces of a crowd of people	entailment
A woman shielding her face from the sun with a colorful umbrella .	The woman is avoiding the rain by using an umbrella .	contradiction
A woman shielding her face from the sun with a colorful umbrella .	The woman is concerned about sun damage .	neutral
A couple sit on a park bench with purple balloons tied to it .	people at the park .	entailment
A couple sit on a park bench with purple balloons tied to it .	A couple watching television	contradiction
A small child is sitting on a stump in a forest clearing .	a little boy was fishing in a pond	contradiction
A man standing in the road wearing a black jacket , red shirt and jeans on a cold , snowy day .	A man is standing in the road wearing a black jacket .	entailment
A man standing in the road wearing a black jacket , red shirt and jeans on a cold , snowy day .	A man is standing in the road wearing a white jacket .	contradiction
A woman is at an art studio , painting a mural from her art supplies .	The woman is painting a self portrait .	neutral
A group of people wearing blue shirts , standing in the grass .	A group of naked people sitting in the grass .	contradiction
A couple being romantic under the sunset .	A man and a woman touching each other looking at the sunset .	neutral
A man in a blue suit reached towards a seated women in an office .	There are people in the office .	entailment
A man in a blue suit reached towards a seated women in an office .	The man is giving the woman her paycheck .	neutral
A group of people dressed in Santa Claus suits are looking towards an audience while a DJ runs a sound board and another person throws green balls into the air .	A band plays at a beach party .	neutral
On a sunny day , in a lush , green field , one small girl inspects a rock while her friend goes off in another direction .	A girl watches a rock outside	entailment
People in a warehouse , with one man kicking a bag .	A group of people playing a game by kicking a bag around .	neutral
a bride and a groom at their wedding kissing	A newly married couple kiss .	entailment
a bride and a groom at their wedding kissing	A new couple kiss every time someone rings a bell at the reception .	neutral
A brown dog in running on grass .	A dog is playing at the park	neutral
A brown dog in running on grass .	A dog is sleeping at the beach	contradiction
A man kneeling and a woman standing next to him .	The man is near a woman .	entailment
A man kneeling and a woman standing next to him .	The man is tying the woman 's shoe .	neutral
A man kneeling and a woman standing next to him .	The couple are sitting down for dinner .	contradiction
A little girl with blond pigtails is being held upside down by a blond woman with a ponytail .	A blond woman is helping a little girl perform a handstand .	neutral
A boy plays in the surf .	A boy is playing on the beach .	entailment
A boy plays in the surf .	The boy is building a tent .	contradiction
A little boy learning to swim in a pool with his arm floaties .	The little boy is in the water .	entailment
A little boy learning to swim in a pool with his arm floaties .	The little boy is learning to swim at a group lesson teaching children in the community pool .	neutral
A busy street scene on a rainy day full of umbrella toting walkers .	A bunch of people sitting on the beach on a cloudless day .	contradiction
A man in a lab coat looking into a microscope with containers in the background .	A man in a lab coat takes a lady 's blood .	contradiction
A man in a lab coat looking into a microscope with containers in the background .	A man in a lab coat .	entailment
A man in a lab coat looking into a microscope with containers in the background .	A man with a lab coat works in a lab .	neutral
A man who has a gray beard and gray hair laughs while wearing a purple shirt .	A man is laughing at a woman who has fallen over .	neutral
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence .	A girl rides a bike .	entailment
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence .	A girl rides a bike to the park .	neutral
A little brown-haired girl up in a tree .	The boy jumped from the tree .	contradiction
A little brown-haired girl up in a tree .	There is a girl playing on the tree .	entailment
A little brown-haired girl up in a tree .	A girl climbed up the tree .	entailment
A man is standing next to a bin overflowing with garbage .	A man is driving away from an empty garbage bin .	contradiction
Dozens of street performers in fuchsia , red , yellow and black outfits are dancing and singing along a city street .	The people were singing and dancing in a parade .	neutral
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach .	The people plan to go tanning on the beach .	neutral
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach .	There are people near a beach .	entailment
A standing man in a suit finishes his turn in a chess game as his seated opponent begins his in a crowded park .	A male with clothes on is in front of another male in a crowded park .	entailment
A standing man in a suit finishes his turn in a chess game as his seated opponent begins his in a crowded park .	A business man plans on playing another guy for money on a game of chess .	neutral
A standing man in a suit finishes his turn in a chess game as his seated opponent begins his in a crowded park .	A business man is fishing alone in the middle of the Pacific ocean .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt holding cloth next to a wooded structure as people walk around it .	A man is holding something near some trees as people pass by .	neutral
A man in a black shirt holding cloth next to a wooded structure as people walk around it .	A man sells handkerchiefs near a grove of trees while people pass by .	neutral
A man in a black shirt holding cloth next to a wooded structure as people walk around it .	A man holds a fish alone in the woods .	contradiction
The man with the bag is standing on the corner .	The man with the bag is standing on the corner waiting for his wife	neutral
The man with the bag is standing on the corner .	The man with the bag is walking across the street	contradiction
A man and woman sit at a cluttered table .	The people are a couple .	neutral
A man and woman sit at a cluttered table .	There are people at a table .	entailment
a group of people walking down road heading away from the camera .	Several people walk down the road , backs facing the camera .	entailment
a group of people walking down road heading away from the camera .	A group of guys walk down the road towards a bar , backs facing the camera .	neutral
A blond woman wearing a blue and pink floral tie-front bikini on a beach , readying to put a flagpole in the sand .	A tall person in a bikini	neutral
A blond woman wearing a blue and pink floral tie-front bikini on a beach , readying to put a flagpole in the sand .	A person in a bikini	entailment
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .	A person climbs a tree in the woods .	contradiction
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .	A young lady climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch	neutral
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .	A person climbs a cliff face in the woods .	entailment
A man in a hat is working with golden colored flowers .	A man in a hat is working with flowers ,	entailment
A child in a red jacket , waist deep in a pit on the beach .	A child is building a sandcastle on the beach .	contradiction
A child in a red jacket , waist deep in a pit on the beach .	A girl is digging a hole to lay in on the beach .	neutral
A child in a red jacket , waist deep in a pit on the beach .	A child on the beach	entailment
An Asian young man is drinking out of a metal cup .	The young man is drinking coffee .	neutral
A smiling costumed woman is holding an umbrella .	A happy woman holds an umbrella .	entailment
A smiling costumed woman is holding an umbrella .	A sad woman who is naked holds a bag of garbage .	contradiction
A smiling costumed woman is holding an umbrella .	A happy woman in a fairy costume holds an umbrella .	neutral
Man in gray zippered jacket and red shirt pets a brown dog and holds a young girl in pink shirt , while a woman next to him holds an infant boy and a gray dog .	A man holds a small child while petting his dog with his girlfriend is holding her son and her dog .	entailment
Man in gray zippered jacket and red shirt pets a brown dog and holds a young girl in pink shirt , while a woman next to him holds an infant boy and a gray dog .	A man in a jacket holds a small child while petting his dog near a woman holding a small boy and her dog .	entailment
Man in gray zippered jacket and red shirt pets a brown dog and holds a young girl in pink shirt , while a woman next to him holds an infant boy and a gray dog .	A woman and man are selling dogs and children .	contradiction
Two children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .	Two children are with a cat on leash who is standing against a tree .	contradiction
Two children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .	Two people are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .	entailment
Two children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .	Two sad children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .	neutral
A man in a white shirt is standing in a T-shirt booth .	A man in a white shirt standing in his t-shirt booth selling shirts .	neutral
A man in a white shirt is standing in a T-shirt booth .	A man in a black shirt getting a tattoo .	contradiction
Big hairy dog chews on a bone while lying on a furry toy .	The dog is laying on a pointy object	contradiction
Big hairy dog chews on a bone while lying on a furry toy .	The dog is laying on an object	entailment
Big hairy dog chews on a bone while lying on a furry toy .	The dog is standing on an object	contradiction
A woman in the street with a black shirt and stars with her mouth open .	The woman is getting her hair done .	contradiction
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .	A group of people plays a fun game on the floor of a living room .	entailment
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .	A group of friends are playing a board game at their friend 's birthday party .	neutral
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .	A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room .	entailment
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .	A group of people plays a game on the floor of a spaceship .	contradiction
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .	A group of people are sitting on the floor .	entailment
A person wearing sunglasses , a visor , and a British flag is carrying 6 Heineken bottles .	the man with sunglasses and a flag has beer bottles .	entailment
A person wearing sunglasses , a visor , and a British flag is carrying 6 Heineken bottles .	The person is naked and drunk running with a flag across a field while a soccer match is going on .	contradiction
A person wearing sunglasses , a visor , and a British flag is carrying 6 Heineken bottles .	The person has beer bottles abd has a england flag and glasses .	entailment
There is a man wearing a red shirt and brown shorts jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
There is a man wearing a red shirt and brown shorts jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A man is wearing a red shirt	entailment
A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players , a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on a stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band .	An all-girl band is performing at the jazz fest tonight .	contradiction
A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players , a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on a stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band .	A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players , a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on an outdoor stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band .	neutral
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .	A man is developing pictures in a dark room .	neutral
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .	A man with dark hair is in a dark room with his hands on equipment .	entailment
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .	A man with no hair is in a street show .	contradiction
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper	a dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some important papers .	neutral
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper	a dog sitting on a bed after ripping up paper .	entailment
A girl is laughing while holding some rocks in her right hand .	There is a girl laughing at the man	neutral
A man in a black shirt sits beneath a ` no child left behind ' powerpoint presentation .	The man sitting beneath the presentation had no shirt on .	contradiction
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .	The little boy is eating a strawberry popsicle .	neutral
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .	A person in a shirt	entailment
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .	A funny person in a shirt	neutral
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .	The male child is eating an apple .	contradiction
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .	The male child is eating a popsicle .	entailment
A family , daughter in the middle , walks down the street .	family walking down a street	entailment
A man holds wooden boards together as a young boy drives a nail into them .	An adult male holds wooden boards together as a boy hammers a nail into them .	entailment
A man holds wooden boards together as a young boy drives a nail into them .	A father and son watch television together .	contradiction
A man wearing chuck taylor shoes and a tan shirt attempts to break free from a straitjacket in front of a crowd	a dog jumps over a fence	contradiction
A man wearing chuck taylor shoes and a tan shirt attempts to break free from a straitjacket in front of a crowd	a man in a straight jacket	entailment
several people standing below a clock tower with two clock faces .	several people are next to a building	neutral
A girl all in black and white , and carrying an umbrella , walks down the street , as others watch .	A young girl walking inside her house .	contradiction
A girl all in black and white , and carrying an umbrella , walks down the street , as others watch .	The young girl is prepared for the storm .	neutral
A man in a blue shirt climbs a rock while people behind him in red shirts watch .	A man is climbing a rock while others are there .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt climbs a rock while people behind him in red shirts watch .	A man watches others climbing a rock .	contradiction
A bald man in a white t-shirt is standing at a bar next to a white leashed dog .	a man in a white shirt	entailment
A man and a woman standing on a sidewalk in between buildings .	A couple stands on the sidewalk between buildings .	neutral
Here we have a guy using a pressure washer on the sidewalk .	A guy is washing the sidewalk .	entailment
Here we have a guy using a pressure washer on the sidewalk .	The man is pressure washing his house .	contradiction
Here we have a guy using a pressure washer on the sidewalk .	A guy is washing bird poop off of the sidewalk .	neutral
A line of people waiting outside The Magpie cafe during the day .	A man makes a sandwich .	contradiction
A group of rollerskaters skate on a patch of cement with palm trees in the background .	A boy is walking around on the grass .	contradiction
Two young women are crossing a street just after a yellow school bus has passed by .	Two women riding in the school bus .	contradiction
A man , wearing a blue shirt , is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment .	A man , wearing a blue shirt is the audio engineer	neutral
A man , wearing a blue shirt , is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment .	A woman , wearing a blue shirt , is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment .	contradiction
A man , wearing a blue shirt , is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment .	A man , wearing a blue shirt , is listening to music	neutral
This is man standing by a fruit or vegetable cart peeling a piece of fruit .	A man peels fruit .	entailment
This is man standing by a fruit or vegetable cart peeling a piece of fruit .	This is woman standing by a fruit or vegetable cart peeling a piece of fruit .	contradiction
A woman sits on the beach while talking on her cellphone .	A woman is talking on her cellphone at the beach deciding on what she will be planning tonight	neutral
A woman sits on the beach while talking on her cellphone .	A woman is talking on her cellphone at the beach	entailment
A inside view of an apartment showing 2 couches and a coffee table .	A man is feeding some birds some bread .	contradiction
A inside view of an apartment showing 2 couches and a coffee table .	There is a room with furniture in it .	entailment
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is holding a white coffee cup .	A naked man is drinking juice from a glass .	contradiction
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is holding a white coffee cup .	A man is about to take a sip of coffee from his white coffee mug .	neutral
A man perched on a row of aquariums is using a net to scoop a fish from another aquarium .	A man works at a pet shop .	neutral
A silhouette at the bottom of an escalator .	The group of people are running in a race .	contradiction
A woman is riding a horse along a track .	A woman is in a horse race .	neutral
A woman is riding a horse along a track .	A woman is riding a horse .	entailment
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband in their car smiling and waving .	Here ia picture of that dog .	contradiction
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband in their car smiling and waving .	Here is a picture of a woman and her husband '	entailment
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband in their car smiling and waving .	Here is a picture of a woman and her husband in their car smiling .	entailment
Several people standing in front of a pile of snow in front of a house , with one person shoveling .	A young girl is shoveling snow .	neutral
A young man wearing goggles , is jumping out of a pool , splashing water everywhere .	An old man jumping into a pool .	contradiction
A young man wearing goggles , is jumping out of a pool , splashing water everywhere .	An obese man jumping out of a pool .	neutral
A woman is holding a baby while standing in the middle of a room .	A woman holds a young child indoors .	entailment
A woman is holding a baby while standing in the middle of a room .	A woman holds a sack of rice in the middle of the line at the supermarket .	contradiction
A woman is holding a baby while standing in the middle of a room .	A nurse holds a newborn baby in the middle of the delivery room .	neutral
man smiling outside in blue shirt .	The man with the shirt is smiling .	entailment
man smiling outside in blue shirt .	The woman with the skirt outside is smiling .	contradiction
A young man wearing a gray shirt standing outside a wooden structure smiling and making a fist with his right hand .	A young man is sitting in a field .	contradiction
A man in a brown jacket , white shirt , and dark slacks is holding a book with his finger on the page while sitting on a wooden floor , and leaning against a yellow wall with a door on one side and cloths on hangers on the other side .	A man sits on a wooden floor building a model ship .	contradiction
A man in a brown jacket , white shirt , and dark slacks is holding a book with his finger on the page while sitting on a wooden floor , and leaning against a yellow wall with a door on one side and cloths on hangers on the other side .	A man pauses from reading his book as he rests against the wall and ponder what he has just read .	neutral
A man in a brown jacket , white shirt , and dark slacks is holding a book with his finger on the page while sitting on a wooden floor , and leaning against a yellow wall with a door on one side and cloths on hangers on the other side .	A man wearing a plaid jacket leans on a wall to read a book .	contradiction
A man carrying a hard hat is running down the street .	A man running down the street is carrying a hard hat .	entailment
A man carrying a hard hat is running down the street .	A man who is late is running down the street and carrying a hard hat .	neutral
A man carrying a hard hat is running down the street .	A man is performing in a parade with dogs .	contradiction
Three people are playing a game , wearing white clothes , somewhere tropical .	A few people playing a game of golf in the tropics .	neutral
Three people are playing a game , wearing white clothes , somewhere tropical .	A group of people in the winter tundra playing a game .	contradiction
Three people are playing a game , wearing white clothes , somewhere tropical .	A few people playing a game in the tropics .	entailment
A man wearing headphones is standing in front of a poster .	There is a man reading a music festival poster .	neutral
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range .	A skier gets some air near a mountain range snowfield .	entailment
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range .	A man drives a car to work .	contradiction
A person in a green coat looks upwards while leaning against a fixture in front of a tree .	A person is looking up at a cloudy sky .	neutral
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table	A blind woman and her guide dog have lunch at an outdoor cafe .	neutral
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table	A woman and her cat walk down the street .	contradiction
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table	A woman and her pet sit outside at a restaurant .	entailment
Two uniformed police officers are standing on a sidewalk while one child looks directly at the camera .	Two cops and a child are on a sidewalk .	entailment
Two uniformed police officers are standing on a sidewalk while one child looks directly at the camera .	Two cops are protecting a child on the sidewalk .	neutral
A man in a canoe throwing a yellow net into the water .	A man is in a boat	entailment
While some people look in the barn , others walk on the bridge and some are enjoying cooling off in the water by the beach .	The people are going in the barn to see the horse .	neutral
While some people look in the barn , others walk on the bridge and some are enjoying cooling off in the water by the beach .	The people are sleeping in bed .	contradiction
A small child outside in front of a large dirt pile .	The small child will play in the dirt .	entailment
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall	A man is jumping off a rock .	contradiction
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall	A man is going up a rock wall .	entailment
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall	A man is going up a rock wall in the desert .	neutral
Two indian men are dancing in suits with an indian woman in a colorful dress behind them by a brick wall .	Some people wait in line .	contradiction
An old man wearing a hat is working on a project .	An old man is wearing a hat .	entailment
An old man wearing a hat is working on a project .	An old man is jogging along the street .	contradiction
An old man wearing a hat is working on a project .	The old man is making a rocking chair .	neutral
A skateboarder in the air straddling his upside-down skateboard .	A little girl tears the head off of her doll .	contradiction
A skateboarder in the air straddling his upside-down skateboard .	A skateboarder is straddling his upside down skateboard and in the air .	entailment
A skateboarder in the air straddling his upside-down skateboard .	A skateboarder in a competition is in the air straddling his upside down skateboard .	neutral
A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls .	A little red haired boy running down a hill .	entailment
A man is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .	A sad man is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .	neutral
A man is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .	A woman is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .	contradiction
A man is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .	A person is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .	entailment
Three people wearing black chatting on a street corner .	Three people are waiting at a street corner for the bus .	neutral
Two men selling fruit at a fruit market .	Two men are selling fruit at the market .	entailment
A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl .	A girl sits by herself on the sidewalk .	contradiction
A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl .	A girl wants to get another girl wet .	neutral
A young child , wearing a pink-polkadotted outfit , smiles at the camera as she lays on a white , shaggy rug .	the child is in stripe ,	contradiction
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper	A man is working so his child can play and relax comfortably .	neutral
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper	A man is by a child .	entailment
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper	A woman is on a phone and her kit is playing with a sheet of paper .	contradiction
A woman wearing a black shirt is standing next to an old rusted vehicle .	A woman is jogging on the bike trail .	contradiction
A woman wearing a black shirt is standing next to an old rusted vehicle .	A woman standing next to an old vehicle .	entailment
A woman observes a rusted antique car .	A woman is driving off a cliff .	contradiction
A woman observes a rusted antique car .	A woman looks at an old car .	entailment
A woman observes a rusted antique car .	A woman looks at an old car she might buy .	neutral
A teacher wearing a red and black striped shirt is conducting a class of about 20 playing music .	A class of people play music as a red and black wearing teacher conducts them .	entailment
A man in a black hat and jacket is sitting down .	A man sitting down is wearing a black hat and a jacket .	entailment
A man in a black hat and jacket is sitting down .	A man waiting for a date is wearing a black hat and jacket while he is sitting .	neutral
A man in a black hat and jacket is sitting down .	A man is being arrested for breaking a window .	contradiction
A child rests on her mother lap exhausted from a day of sun and fun at the beach .	They child was on vacation .	neutral
Two blond people are sitting in a park having a conversation .	Two people are sitting in a city park .	neutral
A man dressed all in white throws the first pitch at a baseball game .	A man is caught streaking at a baseball game .	contradiction
A man dressed all in white throws the first pitch at a baseball game .	A man pitches at a baseball game .	entailment
A man dressed all in white throws the first pitch at a baseball game .	A Senator starts a baseball game .	neutral
A man is standing in the corner of a baseball field , dressed in a white dress suit , having a cameraman pointing a camera towards him .	A baseball player is playing outfield in game seven of the finals while a journalist takes photo .	neutral
A man is standing in the corner of a baseball field , dressed in a white dress suit , having a cameraman pointing a camera towards him .	A man is standing in the corner of a field while a camera is pointed at him .	entailment
A man is standing in the corner of a baseball field , dressed in a white dress suit , having a cameraman pointing a camera towards him .	A man is sitting in a mall courtyard on a metal bench .	contradiction
A lady is standing up holing a lamp that is turned on .	A lady is holding a lit lamp .	entailment
A man stands by an animal rights sign at an outdoor event .	A man is standing inside of his house	contradiction
A man stands by an animal rights sign at an outdoor event .	There is a protest for animal rights taking place	neutral
A child and small dog running .	A child chases his dog back into the house .	neutral
A child and small dog running .	A child and dog running together .	entailment
A child and small dog running .	A man eats a carrot .	contradiction
A young child sits on some pillows with a green tray of chopped-up food in front of him .	A young child sits near a tray of food .	entailment
A person wearing a suit is walking through an airport .	A person is in the airport .	entailment
A person wearing a suit is walking through an airport .	A man arrives at the airport , returning from a business trip .	neutral
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country .	Two people are riding a bike .	entailment
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country .	Two people are having a bike race .	neutral
A brunette woman is standing in front of a wall with graffiti .	A blonde man is near a clean concrete wall .	contradiction
A brunette woman is standing in front of a wall with graffiti .	A brunette woman drew the graffiti on the wall .	neutral
A brunette woman is standing in front of a wall with graffiti .	A woman is near a graffiti-ed wall .	entailment
A man in the street is playing drums on old cans .	A lady is painting a dog	contradiction
A man in the street is playing drums on old cans .	A man is making music	entailment
Five young boys in swim trunks jump into a swimming pool at the same time .	A group of young boys holding hands as they jump into the pool	neutral
An older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land .	The person is sipping hot chocolate inside a skating rink .	contradiction
An older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land .	The guy is watching planes land at an airport .	neutral
A man is walking in the same direction that a model airplane is flying in dried grassland .	The man is swimming in a pool .	contradiction
A man is walking in the same direction that a model airplane is flying in dried grassland .	A man is following a remote control airplane .	neutral
A man is walking in the same direction that a model airplane is flying in dried grassland .	A man is walking through the grass .	entailment
A old man sells hardware parts on a dirty sidewalk .	The man is cooking dinner with the hardware .	contradiction
A woman sitting eating a sandwich .	A woman is eating a sandwich	entailment
A woman sitting eating a sandwich .	A woman eats a salad	contradiction
A woman sitting eating a sandwich .	A woman eating a meatball sandwich	neutral
A young boy , toddler age , wearing a blue shirt plays with a yellow dump truck in a family living room .	A young boy plays with a yellow dump truck in the living room .	entailment
A young boy , toddler age , wearing a blue shirt plays with a yellow dump truck in a family living room .	A boy pretends he is a construction worker while playing with a dump truck .	neutral
A man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married .	A male and female are next to each other with clothes on .	entailment
A man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married .	A man is sleeping in bed with his wife cooking upstairs .	contradiction
People wait in line at bus stop .	The people ride their bikes around town .	contradiction
People wait in line at bus stop .	The bus already has people waiting on it .	entailment
Several runners compete in a road race .	Several runners compete in a bike race .	contradiction
Several runners compete in a road race .	Several runners compete in an indoor road race .	neutral
There 's an invisible man holding a rainbow umbrella .	The man is holding a black umbrella	contradiction
A child wearing a green t-shirt takes his first steps across a playground bridge .	A child playing in the sand .	contradiction
Three children run on a sidewalk with a river on one side and a wall on the other .	Three children are on summer vacation by the river .	neutral
A man wearing an orange hard hat is being lowered down the side of a building .	The man is breaking into the building .	contradiction
A man wearing an orange hard hat is being lowered down the side of a building .	The man is working on the building .	neutral
A man wearing an orange hard hat is being lowered down the side of a building .	The man is wearing a orange hat .	entailment
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .	A dog walks through the snow .	entailment
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .	A cute dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks happily through the snow .	neutral
A forest scene graces a curving wall as someone sits to the rear of the picture where there is a break in the design .	A person is studying graffiti on a building .	contradiction
A woman seated indoors wearing glasses , an orange shirt , jeans and sandals is eating from a container in her hand .	A woman wearing a green shirt eats at the table .	contradiction
A woman seated indoors wearing glasses , an orange shirt , jeans and sandals is eating from a container in her hand .	A woman waits for her husband to come home for dinner .	neutral
A woman in a blue shirt , white apron and yellow kerchief is placing an ingredient from a glass jar in to her dish .	A woman is near a glass jar .	entailment
There are two people sitting and eating ice cream while others in the background are walking .	The two people are eating chocolate ice cream .	neutral
There are two people sitting and eating ice cream while others in the background are walking .	There are two people eating pizza .	contradiction
Boys on a field playing flag football with one boy wearing the red flag clutching the football while a boy with a yellow flag dives to get his red flag .	A boy dives to get the flag to end the game of flag football	neutral
Boys on a field playing flag football with one boy wearing the red flag clutching the football while a boy with a yellow flag dives to get his red flag .	A boy attempts to tackle an opposing player in a game of flag football	entailment
There is one person lying in a large , green field .	There is a person alone in a field outdoors .	entailment
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree .	The boy is waiting to surprise a friend .	neutral
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree .	The boy is standing behind a car .	contradiction
An Asian child sleeping in a grocery cart in a grocery store .	The child is with his mother .	neutral
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle .	A man sun bathing	contradiction
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle .	A man building a sand castle	entailment
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle .	A man playing in the sand	entailment
A girl in a white dress dancing in a field .	The girl is swimming in water .	contradiction
Three people , a woman and two men ride scooters amongst the pedestrians of a busy city street .	The three people are going to a party .	neutral
A man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants .	A man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his long pants .	neutral
A man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants .	A woman on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants .	contradiction
A man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants .	A man on stage wearing a shirt is zipping up his pants .	entailment
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .	The fully grown man in a blue jean hat looks at the camera while holding his wife 's hand .	contradiction
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .	A baby looks at the camera .	entailment
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .	The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held after being called by his mother .	neutral
A man and woman running side by side down a tree-lined street casting long shadows .	A man and woman are running .	entailment
A man at the beach , building a sand castle .	The sand castle down on the beach was made by that man .	entailment
A man at the beach , building a sand castle .	The waves have torn down a sand castle that the man is standing near .	contradiction
A man holding his shoe on the beach	A guy on the beach is emptying sand out of his shoe .	neutral
A man holding his shoe on the beach	A man is on the beach .	entailment
A man holding his shoe on the beach	A man is reading a magazine at the library .	contradiction
A man with a gray beard and an apron smiles .	A man eating a cow .	contradiction
This man holds a teddy bear by the nostrils with one hand , and a microphone in the other .	A man is juggling a teddy bear and a microphone in the air	contradiction
This man holds a teddy bear by the nostrils with one hand , and a microphone in the other .	A man is going to entertain people with a teddy bear as a prompt	neutral
A white-haired man reclines in a seat pad on a boat 's deck , reading a book .	a man reclines in a seat on a boat , reading .	entailment
A white-haired man reclines in a seat pad on a boat 's deck , reading a book .	a man reclines in a seat pad on a boat , while reading a book and enjoying his day off .	neutral
A white-haired man reclines in a seat pad on a boat 's deck , reading a book .	A man drives a boat through the ocean .	contradiction
A young woman with red hear and wearing a bikini top is standing with her hands together above her head , while three other people stand directly behind her with their arms in different positions , making the woman in front look as if she has many arms .	Four young people are lined up behind another and they are holding their arms out so it looks like the arms all belong to the first person , a red haired woman in a bikini top .	entailment
A young woman with red hear and wearing a bikini top is standing with her hands together above her head , while three other people stand directly behind her with their arms in different positions , making the woman in front look as if she has many arms .	Four people are lined up one behind another and they are holding their arms out so it looks like the arms all belong to the first person , a red haired woman in a bikini top .	entailment
A boy in an orange shirt sells fruit from a street cart .	A boy works his fathers street cart selling fruit .	neutral
A boy in an orange shirt sells fruit from a street cart .	A boy wears a blue shirt and sings in the rain .	contradiction
A boy in an orange shirt sells fruit from a street cart .	A boy is a street vendor .	entailment
A gray-haired woman wearing tan pants , a yellow and white jacket and sunglasses is sitting on a bench .	The woman has gray hair .	entailment
Many people standing around a silver car with the hood raised while a young girl in a yellow shirt and blue jeans drinks from a bottle .	None of these people can see this car 's engine .	contradiction
Many people standing around a silver car with the hood raised while a young girl in a yellow shirt and blue jeans drinks from a bottle .	A group of people are interested in a vehicle .	entailment
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .	Two people are in a large body of water out doors .	entailment
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .	A woman and child wade into the low tide ocean water looking for star fish .	neutral
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .	A woman and child play hide and go seek at the park .	contradiction
A young boy is on a patio crowded with metal tables and chairs and 2 yellow umbrellas .	A young boy is at the park .	contradiction
A young boy is on a patio crowded with metal tables and chairs and 2 yellow umbrellas .	A young boy is on a patio with lots of funiture .	entailment
A young boy is on a patio crowded with metal tables and chairs and 2 yellow umbrellas .	A young boy is on a crowded patio .	entailment
A group of people standing on a sidewalk .	The people are waiting for the bus .	neutral
A group of people standing on a sidewalk .	The people are walking in road .	contradiction
A group of people standing on a sidewalk .	There are people in road .	contradiction
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock , a small crowd watches .	Several individual and cleaning the ice so they can play curling iron on the ground	neutral
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock , a small crowd watches .	Several male curling players sweeping their path on ice in front of a rock as a small crowd watches .	entailment
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock , a small crowd watches .	Three gentlemen driving too fast just got pulled up by the police woman who is very cute	contradiction
A man in a checkered shirt pushes a red bin in front of him while wearing something on his head .	The man has nothing on his head .	contradiction
3 people sitting in a boat , rowing in a large body of water surrounded by greenery .	the people standing in a train	contradiction
A woman in a pink shirt is holding a hot air balloon with an American flag on it .	A woman is holding a hot air balloon .	entailment
A woman in a pink shirt is holding a hot air balloon with an American flag on it .	A woman is holding a hot air balloon on the 4th of July .	neutral
A woman watches a child play near a small pool .	A mother watchers her daughter .	neutral
A woman watches a child play near a small pool .	A woman snatches a child before the car hits her .	contradiction
A woman watches a child play near a small pool .	A woman watches a child play .	entailment
A man in a blue jacket riding a bike	A man is on his bike .	entailment
A man in a blue jacket riding a bike	A man is on his yellow bike .	neutral
A man in a blue jacket riding a bike	A man is walking his dog .	contradiction
A person wearing orange pants in playing in the mud .	A young girl is making mud cakes .	neutral
An old man is sitting in a chair outside a colorfully painted building .	A man is driving a car .	contradiction
An old man is sitting in a chair outside a colorfully painted building .	A man is sitting on a chair	entailment
An old man is sitting in a chair outside a colorfully painted building .	Elderly man is sitting on a chair in outside of a building	entailment
Dirt biker number 52 making a high jump while riding his trail	The person is riding a bike .	entailment
Dirt biker number 52 making a high jump while riding his trail	The person is sailing a boat .	contradiction
Dirt biker number 52 making a high jump while riding his trail	The person is in a bike race .	neutral
A young blond child wearing only a diaper sits on a large rock at the edge of a body of water while a large black dog stands in the water nearby .	A dog stands in some water while a diaper wearing kid sits on a rock .	entailment
A young blond child wearing only a diaper sits on a large rock at the edge of a body of water while a large black dog stands in the water nearby .	A black lab stands in some water while a small child sits on a rock .	entailment
A young blond child wearing only a diaper sits on a large rock at the edge of a body of water while a large black dog stands in the water nearby .	A dog sits on a rock alone .	contradiction
A woman in a green blouse and black skirt sitting on a bench in front of an elephant model .	The woman has sunglasses on .	neutral
A woman in a green blouse and black skirt sitting on a bench in front of an elephant model .	The woman is wading into the water .	contradiction
a man plays his guitar on the street .	The man is begging for money on the street .	neutral
a man plays his guitar on the street .	The man is playing his guitar and singing on the street .	neutral
The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .	A man stands in the building ignoring the racers .	contradiction
The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .	The man in skates follows the path in front of a building .	entailment
The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .	the man in skates follows a race path	neutral
A white dog bounding through snow	A white dog swimming in a lake	contradiction
A man in a black wetsuit with white shorts is windsurfing on a blue body of water with mountains in the background .	The man is near the water .	entailment
A woman is pushing her bike with a baby carriage in front .	A woman is going for a ride in the park with her baby .	neutral
A woman is pushing her bike with a baby carriage in front .	A woman is taking her child for a stroll .	entailment
Two people on scooters in a field of flowers .	The two people are having a race with their scooters .	neutral
Two people on scooters in a field of flowers .	The two people are walking through a museum .	contradiction
A little boy wearing glasses and a t-shirt that says , `` I 'm a Pepper and Dr. Pepper , '' stands looking at an older boy sitting in the grass .	Boy wearing Dr , Pepper shirt watches another boy sitting in grass .	entailment
A little boy wearing glasses and a t-shirt that says , `` I 'm a Pepper and Dr. Pepper , '' stands looking at an older boy sitting in the grass .	Young boy watches his brother sitting down in the grass .	neutral
Children and adults swim in large pool with red staircase .	Children are trying to learn how to swim with their parents in a large pool with a red staircase .	neutral
A woman in a tan dress is tending to her wares in the market .	A man is making a pizza .	contradiction
a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout .	A dog is chasing a cat .	contradiction
a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout .	A dog is in a park .	neutral
A man in a shirt and tie does the splits on a wood floor	The man is on the moon .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt opening his mail .	A man in a black shirt is about to open his cable bill .	neutral
A man in a black shirt opening his mail .	There is a man holding a remote watching television .	contradiction
Three people in coats stand in front of a blue building .	Three people are standing in front of a building talking .	neutral
Three people in coats stand in front of a blue building .	Three people in coats are standing in front of a building .	entailment
A person in a blue and yellow snowsuit is snowboarding and snow is coming up in the air around the board .	A person is biking down the hill .	contradiction
A man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags , wearing one shoe and no shirt .	A man lies in an alley .	entailment
A man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags , wearing one shoe and no shirt .	A man lies near an alley .	neutral
A man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags , wearing one shoe and no shirt .	A man lies in an alley with a shotgun and a bottle .	neutral
Black dog with white puppies laying on the floor .	A dog resting next to it 's baby puppies .	neutral
A man with stubble on his face is holding a baby .	The baby is being held by the man with the stubble on his face and is crying	neutral
A man with stubble on his face is holding a baby .	The baby is being held by the man with the stubble on his face	entailment
A man with stubble on his face is holding a baby .	the boy is crying while being held back his mother	contradiction
Several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge .	Several people are playing in the water .	entailment
Several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge .	Several people are wading ina dangerous river that may cost them their lives .	neutral
Several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge .	A dog and a pig play in some mud .	contradiction
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar .	The dog is in the air .	entailment
A man with an orange hat in a yellow canoe paddles along a river in a wooded , mountainous area .	The man is watching tv	contradiction
A man with an orange hat in a yellow canoe paddles along a river in a wooded , mountainous area .	The man is on vacation	neutral
A man with an orange hat in a yellow canoe paddles along a river in a wooded , mountainous area .	The man has an orange hat on	entailment
A crowd standing in a room with their backs to the camera .	The people in the room are avoiding the cameraman .	neutral
A crowd standing in a room with their backs to the camera .	The crowd in the room is smiling at the camera man .	contradiction
A crowd standing in a room with their backs to the camera .	There are people standing in a room .	entailment
The blond-haired and blue eyed child holds the wooden airplane in his hands .	A child is playing with a puppy .	contradiction
The blond-haired and blue eyed child holds the wooden airplane in his hands .	A child is playing with a toy airplane .	entailment
The blond-haired and blue eyed child holds the wooden airplane in his hands .	A child is playing with a toy airplane that was made by his grandfather .	neutral
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk .	A man mowing a lawn by the sidewalk .	entailment
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk .	A man doing snow angels in the grass .	contradiction
A young woman wearing a white cardigan and shorts sitting on the edge of a platform that is raised above a body of water .	The woman is sitting on the pier watching the sunset .	neutral
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .	The girl is swimming in a pool .	contradiction
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .	The girl is jumping rope just for exercise .	neutral
A boy is carrying a black body board across the sand .	The boy is near the ocean .	neutral
A boy is carrying a black body board across the sand .	The boy is sitting in his bedroom .	contradiction
A man cooking kabobs on a barbecue in his backyard .	The man is cooking fish on the grill in his backyard .	contradiction
A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope .	A girl jumps rope .	entailment
A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope .	A girl practices for a jump rope competition .	neutral
A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope .	A girl jumps under a purple rope .	contradiction
A male with brown clothing standing on the side of the street with his thumb out with a big bag on his back .	the man is flying a plane	contradiction
Cyclist participating in an organized event cross a large suspension bridge and two women riders have stopped to pose for a picture .	some cyclists cross a bridge	entailment
Cyclist participating in an organized event cross a large suspension bridge and two women riders have stopped to pose for a picture .	some cyclists cross a bridge and two women stop to pose	entailment
A dressed up woman walking next to a store at night .	A dressed up woman is walking next to a store at night .	entailment
A black woman wearing black walking by a window with a mannequin in it .	A black woman walks by a window .	entailment
A man wearing a black T-shirt and a tan jacket wrapped around his waist pulls a wheeled gray and black bag as he walks next to a building that has large glass windows .	An elderly man walking next to a skyscraper .	neutral
A man wearing a black T-shirt and a tan jacket wrapped around his waist pulls a wheeled gray and black bag as he walks next to a building that has large glass windows .	A man sitting in a lounge chair .	contradiction
A man smoking a cigarette is working outside .	A man smokes a cigarette outdoors .	entailment
A man smoking a cigarette is working outside .	A man smokes a cigarette while waiting for his work to compile .	neutral
A man smoking a cigarette is working outside .	A woman eats a slice of pizza .	contradiction
A man with a striped shirt looks at a load of green and yellow vegetables on the back of a truck .	A man swimming in vegetables in a truck .	contradiction
A man with a striped shirt looks at a load of green and yellow vegetables on the back of a truck .	A man looks at a pile of colored vegetables on a car outside .	entailment
A man with a striped shirt looks at a load of green and yellow vegetables on the back of a truck .	A man selling vegetables from the back of a truck .	neutral
A woman wearing a red tank top is preparing food while a man and a woman sit on the other side of the kitchen counter watching her .	A woman prepares food while two people sit on the other side	entailment
A woman wearing a red tank top is preparing food while a man and a woman sit on the other side of the kitchen counter watching her .	A woman prepares food for a newly wed couple	neutral
A woman wearing a red tank top is preparing food while a man and a woman sit on the other side of the kitchen counter watching her .	A woman throws food at a couple	contradiction
A small girl in a blue shirt with a posy pattern brushes her teeth with a red and yellow toothbrush .	The little girl is preparing for bed	neutral
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building .	The man is waiting for the bus	neutral
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building .	The woman is finishing her work as a hair stylist	contradiction
Two elderly men and one elderly woman standing on a sidewalk staring to their left .	Three people await the bus .	neutral
A woman in brown boots talks on her cellphone and holds an umbrella .	The woman is sleeping on a bench .	contradiction
A woman in brown boots talks on her cellphone and holds an umbrella .	A woman is standing in the rain .	neutral
A woman in brown boots talks on her cellphone and holds an umbrella .	The woman has a phone and an umbrella .	entailment
A child in a baseball park who has just hit a baseball off a tee with a blue bat and is about to run to first base .	A child plays at a soccer game .	contradiction
Two firemen beside their fire engine .	The lady makes a cake .	contradiction
A woman crossing a busy downtown street .	A woman starred out the window while thinking about her day .	contradiction
A woman crossing a busy downtown street .	A lady is walking down a busy street .	entailment
A woman crossing a busy downtown street .	A lady is waiting for her ride down the street .	contradiction
A man and a woman wearing costume glasses -LRB- with attached eyebrows , nose , and moustache -RRB- and holding cigars .	The people are blowing smoke out of their mouths .	neutral
A man and a woman wearing costume glasses -LRB- with attached eyebrows , nose , and moustache -RRB- and holding cigars .	A few people are displaying something on their face .	entailment
A woman with sneakers and a skirt is sweeping out a storage building .	Woman sweeping her kitchen floor .	contradiction
A woman with sneakers and a skirt is sweeping out a storage building .	Casually dressed woman cleans out storage building .	entailment
A woman walking in front of a yellow building .	The woman is running down the street .	contradiction
A man bakes in a kitchen while wearing gloves and a hat .	The man is baking a cake .	neutral
A man bakes in a kitchen while wearing gloves and a hat .	The man is throwing food everywhere .	contradiction
A woman in a purple shirt buying food from a street vendor .	A man buys a tv at Best Buy .	contradiction
A woman in a purple shirt buying food from a street vendor .	A woman buys some fruit from a street vendor .	neutral
A man with an open shirt and glasses holding a microphone and another man in a bowler hat and plaid suit using a bow on an instrument .	The singer and musician are in the bathroom .	contradiction
A man with an open shirt and glasses holding a microphone and another man in a bowler hat and plaid suit using a bow on an instrument .	The singer wears glasses and the man on the stringed instrument is wearing a hat .	entailment
A girl standing by a decorated structural beam poses for a picture .	A girl poses for a picture .	entailment
A girl standing by a decorated structural beam poses for a picture .	A girl poses for a picture with her sister .	neutral
A bearded man wearing a blue shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .	The man is making music .	entailment
a man scales the large rock .	The man is relaxed in his bed .	contradiction
a man scales the large rock .	The man is using climbing equipment to scale a rock .	neutral
A man with a cowboy hat green plaid shirt , jeans , and red boots and chaps rides a bay horse next to a young boy with a cowboy hat and blue shirt , jeans and chaps rides a pony next to him .	A man is riding a motorcycle next to a boy on a bicycle .	contradiction
A man walking by a cement column next to the sea .	A man is sitting near the sea .	contradiction
A man walking by a cement column next to the sea .	There is a person near some water .	entailment
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains .	A person is riding on a brown horse in the midst of a prairie shadowed by mountains	entailment
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains .	The rider is actually a cat hunched over on top of a horse	contradiction
A young boy riding on the shoulders of a man outdoors .	A man has a yound boy on his shoulders outside .	entailment
A young boy riding on the shoulders of a man outdoors .	A single woman is inside cooking dinner for her only child , her daughter .	contradiction
A young boy riding on the shoulders of a man outdoors .	A man and his son are outside at the park .	neutral
A man with a mustache is playing ice hockey with snow in the background .	A man is on a frozen lake .	neutral
A man with a mustache is playing ice hockey with snow in the background .	A person is practicing hockey .	neutral
A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles .	A young kid holds her favorite toy .	neutral
A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles .	A young child holds a stuffed pig .	entailment
A man on a bicycle , wearing an all black outfit , looks as though he 's hanging in midair over a bridge .	a man on a bike in all black hangs appears to hang in the air over a bridge	entailment
A man on a bicycle , wearing an all black outfit , looks as though he 's hanging in midair over a bridge .	a man walking down the road watches birds	contradiction
A man on a bicycle , wearing an all black outfit , looks as though he 's hanging in midair over a bridge .	a man on a bike does a jump on a bridge	entailment
A young man , without apparent protective gear , is on a bicycle jumping over small hills of sand or gravel , with a long bridge and tall buildings in the background .	A young man is racing home to eat dinner .	neutral
A young man , without apparent protective gear , is on a bicycle jumping over small hills of sand or gravel , with a long bridge and tall buildings in the background .	A young man is swimming in the ocean .	contradiction
A young man , without apparent protective gear , is on a bicycle jumping over small hills of sand or gravel , with a long bridge and tall buildings in the background .	A young male is riding his bicycle over small hills .	entailment
Two people one in a brown shirt wearing a backpack and the other wearing a pick sweater and bike helmet are kneeling at a bicycle tire .	A tall person in a shirt	neutral
Two people one in a brown shirt wearing a backpack and the other wearing a pick sweater and bike helmet are kneeling at a bicycle tire .	A person in a shirt	entailment
A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .	A woman is hanging from a tree .	entailment
A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .	A woman is walking through town .	contradiction
Two young men sitting at the end of a long table eating ; there are 3 plates full of food , two glasses with a yellow colored drink and a small orange case on the table .	A small light orange case is on the table .	neutral
A small child with a blue hood is looking out the window .	A child is looking out a window	entailment
A black dog plays with a white and blue colored stuffed animal .	A white dog is begging for food .	contradiction
A black dog plays with a white and blue colored stuffed animal .	A dog is playing with a stuffed animal .	entailment
A black dog plays with a white and blue colored stuffed animal .	The dog is not supposed to have the stuffed animal .	neutral
A woman sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera .	A man sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera .	contradiction
A woman sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera .	A man smiles into the camera iwth his dog nearby .	contradiction
Three people are standing on a pier between two boats .	Three people are on a pier .	entailment
Attractive military man with weapons and ammunition sitting on top of a netted armed vehicle .	A military man lounges by a pool sipping a drink .	contradiction
Attractive military man with weapons and ammunition sitting on top of a netted armed vehicle .	Military man sits on armed vehicle in the Middle East .	neutral
Attractive military man with weapons and ammunition sitting on top of a netted armed vehicle .	Military man sits on an armed vehicle .	entailment
A small colorful race car on the track with people in the background in a roped off area .	The car is in a show room	contradiction
A lady is looking at ice cream in a refrigerator .	A lady looking for vanilla ice cream .	neutral
A lady is looking at ice cream in a refrigerator .	A man eating ice cream .	contradiction
Two women standing outside looking at a water fountain with bright green trees in the background .	a woman sits in chair	contradiction
A swimming dog with a small branch in its mouth .	A dog is ice skating .	contradiction
A swimming dog with a small branch in its mouth .	A dog is swimming with a branch in its mouth .	entailment
A swimming dog with a small branch in its mouth .	A male dog is swimming in a lake with a stick in its mouth .	neutral
A man with a tattoo is wearing sunglasses while holding a small boy .	There is a man with body art who is holding a young person .	entailment
A man with a tattoo is wearing sunglasses while holding a small boy .	A man in sunglasses holding a small boy waits to get his first tattoo .	contradiction
A man with a tattoo is wearing sunglasses while holding a small boy .	A man with a facial tattoo and Ray-Bans is holding a toddler .	neutral
A man wearing a blue jacket is looking at a glass bottle while the person next to him enjoys his food .	The man is looking at a painting .	contradiction
A mother and her daughter are both wearing heels standing outside in a crowd on a brick pavement looking out at the street in amazement .	There are people on the brick pavement .	entailment
Smiling woman in yellow shirt gesturing .	the woman was gesturing to her son	neutral
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table .	A young boy is leaning against a tree outside .	entailment
A dancer in costumer performs on stage while a man watches .	the dancer is wearing a costume	entailment
A dancer in costumer performs on stage while a man watches .	the man is dancing as the woman watches	contradiction
There are five white individuals on a stage in a line , the outer four are looking inward toward the middle individual who has a beard .	A man with a beard is surrounded by people on a stage .	entailment
A smartly dressed woman wearing a white jacket is holding a camera .	A woman attracts man to help her	contradiction
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth .	The dog is coming out of the ocean with a stick in its mouth .	neutral
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth .	The dog is coming out of the ocean with something it its mouth .	entailment
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth .	The cat was stuck in a tree .	contradiction
A man playing a guitar and a man playing drums	A man playing the guitar with a man who is also playing drums .	entailment
A man playing a guitar and a man playing drums	One man playing the guitar while another plays the drums at a live music event .	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and light blue cap walks by a working scale model of an antique freight train .	an old man walks by a metal train	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and light blue cap walks by a working scale model of an antique freight train .	two men sit in a train car	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt and light blue cap walks by a working scale model of an antique freight train .	a guy with a shirt and hat walks past a train	entailment
A man in a blue uniform tries to shoot a basket during a basketball game , while surrounded by three men in white uniforms , and as another blue-uniformed player looks on .	A group of men are playing poker around the kitchen table .	contradiction
Girl in pink bathing suit with right arm in air behind a seagull on the beach near the water .	The girl is feeding the seagull .	neutral
Girl in pink bathing suit with right arm in air behind a seagull on the beach near the water .	The girl is at the museum .	contradiction
A woman in a jacket and scarf looking a table that a man in a black shirt is cooking something on .	A man and woman are swimming in the ocean .	contradiction
A woman in a jacket and scarf looking a table that a man in a black shirt is cooking something on .	A man is giving a woman cooking lessons .	neutral
A woman in a jacket and scarf looking a table that a man in a black shirt is cooking something on .	A lady is watching a man cook .	entailment
A woman in a blue dress is leaning on a wall with graffiti painted on it .	The woman is in a field .	contradiction
A woman in a blue dress is leaning on a wall with graffiti painted on it .	The woman in a crowded city	neutral
A child walking towards a bridge waving a flag .	a kid walks with a flag	entailment
A child walking towards a bridge waving a flag .	a kid walks with a flag to celebrate 4th of July	neutral
A single runner , clothed in appropriate attire , jogging on a sidewalk next to a body of water , with buildings in the backdrop on the other side of the water .	A person sits on some grass .	contradiction
A single runner , clothed in appropriate attire , jogging on a sidewalk next to a body of water , with buildings in the backdrop on the other side of the water .	A jogger , dressed for jogging , jogs on a sidewalk near water .	entailment
a boy walks through the water .	A boy walks on water .	entailment
a boy walks through the water .	A boy walks through water in a fountain .	neutral
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	A young boy wandering in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	entailment
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	A young man walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	entailment
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	A boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .	entailment
A black race car starts up in front of a crowd of people .	A man is driving down a lonely road .	contradiction
A black race car starts up in front of a crowd of people .	A black car is preparing for a race .	neutral
Man dog sledding with his child in the icy snow .	Icy snow slowing down a man 's dog sled .	neutral
Man dog sledding with his child in the icy snow .	A man takes his child for a walk with their dogs .	contradiction
Man dog sledding with his child in the icy snow .	People with a dog sled in the snow .	entailment
A man wearing a Santa hat holds up a photo to the class .	A man shows a photo to a class .	entailment
A man wearing a Santa hat holds up a photo to the class .	A man shows a picture of an elf to the class .	neutral
A woman is cleaning an outdoor pool .	The pool is built inside of the hotel .	contradiction
A woman is cleaning an outdoor pool .	The pool is being vacuumed by the woman .	neutral
A man and woman showing a small child how to use a gun .	A couple teaching a kid on firearm use	entailment
A young boy carries a green , white , and red flag and walks next to a woman .	The woman is walking next to the boy carrying the flag .	entailment
A young boy carries a green , white , and red flag and walks next to a woman .	The woman walking next to the boy carrying the flag is tall .	neutral
A young boy carries a green , white , and red flag and walks next to a woman .	The woman is carrying the flag .	contradiction
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag .	The woman is swimming with his child at the pool .	contradiction
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag .	A mother is walking with her child who is holding up an american flag .	neutral
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag .	A lady is next to a child who has a flag .	entailment
Black dog with orange ball approaches camera across dead leaves .	A little dog gets its ' picture taken .	neutral
A woman is standing in a very large produce section of a grocery store .	There is a person in a store .	entailment
A man in a gray shirt , standing outdoors , holds something in his mouth and is passing it to the mouth of another man , who is dressed in a black shirt .	The man is sitting by down drinking coffee .	contradiction
A man in a green , black , and white spandex sports uniform is riding a bike .	A man in dark clothes is skiing .	contradiction
Young blond girl holding chopsticks looks with red eyes at camera while another girl in the background looks at food .	The girl has shoulder length hair .	neutral
Young blond girl holding chopsticks looks with red eyes at camera while another girl in the background looks at food .	The girl is touching an object .	entailment
Young blond girl holding chopsticks looks with red eyes at camera while another girl in the background looks at food .	The girl is alone in the middle of the ocean on top of the moon .	contradiction
A lone man standing a rock shore looking downward at a inland body of water with a blue ocean or other large body of water behind him extending into the horizon of a blue sky .	You can observe some water in the frame .	entailment
A crowd of interested people surrounds a man swinging a sledgehammer .	A man shows a group of people how to use a sledgehammer .	neutral
A crowd of interested people surrounds a man swinging a sledgehammer .	A man shows a group of people how to blow glass .	contradiction
Small boy hugged by person in bee costume , blurry urban background .	The boy is at a birthday party and giving a hug .	neutral
Small boy hugged by person in bee costume , blurry urban background .	The boy is hugged by a person in a bear costume .	contradiction
A treat vendor is standing in the sun while others sit in the shade under umbrellas .	A man is soaked from the rain .	contradiction
A treat vendor is standing in the sun while others sit in the shade under umbrellas .	A man is selling food to pedestrians .	neutral
Four people are bandaging a head wound .	Five people are bandaging a leg wound .	contradiction
A woman on a racing horse .	The woman is on top of the horse .	entailment
A woman on a racing horse .	The woman is standing on the ground petting her horse .	contradiction
A girl is working on some sort of lab experiment while another girl watches with a bored expression .	A girl is trying to reconstruct her dead puppy while her cousin watches .	neutral
A girl is working on some sort of lab experiment while another girl watches with a bored expression .	A girl is working on a lab experiment .	entailment
A girl is working on some sort of lab experiment while another girl watches with a bored expression .	A girl is eating some sort of lab experiment while another girls watches in horror .	contradiction
A bald , white man , talks with an old , black man , on a bench .	The two old men was ice skating at the ice rink .	contradiction
A bald , white man , talks with an old , black man , on a bench .	The two old men on the bench were talking about chess .	neutral
A man is scrapping paint off a window .	A man is drawing a face on a window .	contradiction
A man is scrapping paint off a window .	A man is cleaning a window .	entailment
A young boy laughs dressed in Karate attire with a little girl behind him , perhaps tickling him .	The little girl is trying to make her friend laugh before his karate match .	neutral
A young boy laughs dressed in Karate attire with a little girl behind him , perhaps tickling him .	The little girl is pushing the boy on the swing .	contradiction
Women posing for a picture during a bicycle race on a bridge .	the woman is riding the bike .	neutral
A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear .	The mother and girl are posing for a picture .	neutral
A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear .	The father and his son are playing in the pool .	contradiction
A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear .	A woman is holding a child .	entailment
A girl runs in a lake while the sun sets .	A girl is enjoying her holiday weekend .	neutral
A girl runs in a lake while the sun sets .	A girl is playing in the snow .	contradiction
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .	A man in jeans is sitting by a pond throwing bread to ducks .	contradiction
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .	A man in jeans is sitting by a river with large koi fish .	neutral
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .	A person is outside sitting by a body of water .	entailment
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog .	There is a man and his dog at the park .	neutral
A man wearing a white and blue shirt cooking corn on the cob while a different man buys a piece of corn .	A group of people are watching some ducks at the pond .	contradiction
A man wearing a white and blue shirt cooking corn on the cob while a different man buys a piece of corn .	A man is holding to some vegetables near another man .	entailment
Group of casually dressed people , walking towards a large sea vessel .	The people have clothes on .	entailment
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area .	The woman is out in a field .	contradiction
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area .	The woman has a scarf on her head .	entailment
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area .	The girl is the woman 's daughter .	neutral
The black dog is running through water .	The dog with the black fur gets wet running in water .	entailment
The black dog is running through water .	The black dog is laying on the grass .	contradiction
The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt .	A little girl wearing a white shirt goes down a slide .	contradiction
The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt .	A child wearing polka dots hold her mom 's hand as they walk to school .	neutral
The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt .	A little girl wearing a red dress holds a woman 's hand .	entailment
A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles .	A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles of his home .	neutral
A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles .	A guy watering his garden .	contradiction
A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles .	A guy on a roof working on roof tiles .	entailment
A man wearing a baseball hate is checking his phone	The man is looking at the screen of a cell phone .	entailment
A man wearing a baseball hate is checking his phone	The man loves baseball an goes to lots of games .	neutral
A little girl offers a ball to an upset toddler on a grassy field while a man in bermuda shorts stands behind them .	a group of children play tea in a bedroom .	contradiction
A little girl offers a ball to an upset toddler on a grassy field while a man in bermuda shorts stands behind them .	A man watches two children on a grassy field .	entailment
a girl wearing pink shoes jumps off a swing in a park	The girl is at the park .	entailment
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach .	A man wearing swimming trunks plays around at the beach .	entailment
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach .	A man dressed in a suit throws a frisbee at the lake .	contradiction
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach .	A man wearing swimming trunks kicks a ball around with his son at the beach .	neutral
A woman in a headscarf and a boy wearing blue look to the right while sitting against a wall .	The woman is not near the boy	neutral
A woman in a headscarf and a boy wearing blue look to the right while sitting against a wall .	The woman and the boy are sitting near a wall and each other	neutral
A little boy kisses a little girl as they sit on a hay bale with pumpkins and a Halloween display in the background .	a boy kisses another boy	contradiction
A little boy kisses a little girl as they sit on a hay bale with pumpkins and a Halloween display in the background .	a young boy and girl kiss near hay and autumn display	entailment
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players .	The dog is a show dog , entertaining the crowd before the game .	neutral
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players .	The woman is standing in line to buy a hot dog .	contradiction
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players .	A woman is playing with a dog .	entailment
A woman and a man are sword fighting .	A woman appears to be beating a man in a sword fight .	neutral
A woman in a tomato-colored jogging suit carries both a red purse and a navy blue messenger bag .	The purse and bag that the woman is holding are of popular brands .	neutral
a maintenance worker at the airport carries a small girl .	A girl follows her father through the airport .	contradiction
a maintenance worker at the airport carries a small girl .	A person carries a child .	entailment
a woman holding a child in a purple shirt	a woman holds a child	entailment
a woman holding a child in a purple shirt	a woman and her son	neutral
A young man dressed in a black t-shirt , blue jeans and a blue baseball cap performs a skateboarding trick on a granite bench in front of a pharmacy building .	Old men play a peaceful game of chess in the park .	contradiction
The exhaustion in the woman 's face while she continues to ride her bicycle in the competition .	A tall person on a bike	neutral
The exhaustion in the woman 's face while she continues to ride her bicycle in the competition .	A person on a bike	entailment
There is a woman here in a children 's room , wearing a red vest , with her hand in a fake sharks mouth .	There is a fake shark mouth in the children 's room which the woman in the red vest has her hand in .	entailment
A man in black pants and a white shirt is walking down the sidewalk in front of a building that has graffiti on it .	A man is walking down the sidewalk in Detroit .	neutral
The man in the black and white shirt is running with a ball .	The man in the black and white shirt is sitting with a book .	contradiction
The man in the black and white shirt is running with a ball .	A human wearing clothes is holding an object .	entailment
A guy looking out over the scenic forest .	A guy is camping in the forest .	neutral
A guy looking out over the scenic forest .	A person is viewing the forest .	entailment
A woman prepares ingredients for a bowl of soup .	A soup bowl prepares a woman .	contradiction
A woman prepares ingredients for a bowl of soup .	A woman is cooking .	entailment
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .	A person is laying on the shore .	contradiction
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .	A person is at the beach .	entailment
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .	A woman is at the beach .	neutral
A street vendor in chef 's clothing with a food cart , which has gathered people around it .	A street vendor is selling delicious food to people .	neutral
A street vendor in chef 's clothing with a food cart , which has gathered people around it .	The street vendor is at home cooking dinner .	contradiction
A child is wearing white and blue face paint .	A child is celebrating his favorite team with face paint .	neutral
A child is wearing white and blue face paint .	A child is wearing makeup .	entailment
A child is wearing white and blue face paint .	A child wearing face paint .	entailment
A man in a denim shirt and pants is smoking a cigarette while playing a cello for money .	A man in a denim shirt is smoking .	entailment
A man in a denim shirt and pants is smoking a cigarette while playing a cello for money .	A man in a green shirt is playing the piano .	contradiction
A man in a denim shirt and pants is smoking a cigarette while playing a cello for money .	A man in denim shirt is smoking marbellos .	neutral
A woman cooking and drinking wine from the bottle .	A woman is drinking apple juice .	contradiction
A woman cooking and drinking wine from the bottle .	A woman is drinking expensive wine .	neutral
A woman walks next to a subway exit .	A woman walks next to a subway exit .	entailment
A woman walks next to a subway exit .	A woman runs next to a subway exit .	contradiction
A boy wearing a black shirt is playing a game at the arcade .	A young man is in the game room .	entailment
A boy wearing a black shirt is playing a game at the arcade .	A kid is in the field .	contradiction
A teenage boy is standing in front of a game machine in an arcade hall ready to put a token into a coin slot .	A teenage boy is at a arcade and is about to play his favorite game .	neutral
A teenage boy is standing in front of a game machine in an arcade hall ready to put a token into a coin slot .	A teenage boy is standing in front of a television and is about to play on a xbox .	contradiction
A teenage boy is standing in front of a game machine in an arcade hall ready to put a token into a coin slot .	A teenage boy is standing in from if a game machine and putting coins in the slot .	entailment
Two hockey players battling for the puck after a face off .	The hockey sticks are a natural color .	neutral
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .	A man walks in the rain .	contradiction
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .	A man is under an umbrella .	entailment
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .	A man naps in a sunny park .	entailment
A bunch of people are watching a man with his left arm wrapped around the legs of his downed , struggling wrestling opponent on a blue mat .	There are people watching two people wrestling .	entailment
A cute couple at a club	The couple is at a club .	entailment
A cute couple at a club	The couple is at a restaurant .	contradiction
Three adult bystanders and one child looking up toward the sky while standing on the sidewalk .	A child and his three aunts are watching the skydiver in the sky .	neutral
Three adult bystanders and one child looking up toward the sky while standing on the sidewalk .	Four people are looking at the sky .	entailment
Three adult bystanders and one child looking up toward the sky while standing on the sidewalk .	A man and his three children watch the helium balloons float higher in the air .	contradiction
This child is feeding a male deer .	The child feeds an apple to a deer .	neutral
This child is feeding a male deer .	The child gives food to a deer .	entailment
This child is feeding a male deer .	A child is sleeping in a bed .	contradiction
A man biting a candle while a woman holds a cake .	a man and woman are together .	entailment
A person in a hooded shirt is photographing a tree near some mountains and a lake .	A person in a hoodie takes pictures of a tree .	entailment
A person in a hooded shirt is photographing a tree near some mountains and a lake .	A person in a hooded shirt runs through a field with guns in both hands .	contradiction
A man with a blue and gray shirt is standing in front of a metal fence while taking a picture of the landscape .	A man uses a camera .	entailment
A man with a blue and gray shirt is standing in front of a metal fence while taking a picture of the landscape .	A man photographs a field .	entailment
A man with a blue and gray shirt is standing in front of a metal fence while taking a picture of the landscape .	A man gets his picture taken .	contradiction
His back facing us , a young man photographs a lovely mountain lake scene under a hazy sky .	A young woman photgraphs the ocean .	contradiction
His back facing us , a young man photographs a lovely mountain lake scene under a hazy sky .	A young man photographs a mountain lake scene .	entailment
A young boy plays in the sprinklers , allowing the water to spray completely over his right arm .	The boy is playing baseball at school with his friends .	contradiction
A young boy plays in the sprinklers , allowing the water to spray completely over his right arm .	A boy is playing in the water sprinkler .	entailment
One man stops to give a sweet kiss to a cow near a train on an overpass .	the man was sick in bed all day	contradiction
two people in a rowboat in a river .	A couple people are in a small boat in the water .	entailment
two people in a rowboat in a river .	Two people escape from a sinking ship in a river using a rowboat .	neutral
A race car driver with a red suit and colorful helmet drives a car on the street with the number 12 on the front .	A person is driving a race car .	entailment
A race car driver with a red suit and colorful helmet drives a car on the street with the number 12 on the front .	A race car driver is riding in an 18-wheeler .	contradiction
A race car driver with a red suit and colorful helmet drives a car on the street with the number 12 on the front .	A race car driver is racing in a big racing championship .	neutral
3 women and 2 men waiting by a wall in the park talking	The people were talking about a game .	neutral
3 women and 2 men waiting by a wall in the park talking	The people were waiting by the wall .	entailment
Very young boy in a green shirt laying face down on a white bed .	The young boy is taking a bath .	contradiction
A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers .	People are watching a dog race	entailment
A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers .	It 's a motorcycle race	contradiction
People riding on a tour bus in a parade wave to the bystanders .	The people are riding horses down the street .	contradiction
A man and a woman at a meal , with a dog between them .	A man and woman have two cats between them .	contradiction
A man and a woman at a meal , with a dog between them .	A man and woman have a dog between them .	entailment
People are gathered around the table filled with food .	A family has Thanksgiving dinner .	neutral
Two people are walking down the street holding hands in the fall .	A couple is looking for a house .	neutral
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade .	A woman raises her hand as she walks in a parade for St. Patrick 's Day .	neutral
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade .	A woman plays basketball at the park .	contradiction
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade .	A woman raises her hand as she walks in a parade .	entailment
A man painting in front of a storefront , his paintings are displayed .	A man is painting in his living room .	contradiction
A man painting in front of a storefront , his paintings are displayed .	The man is painting a store sign .	neutral
Two women , one wearing a red , white and blue bikini pose for a picture on a city 's street .	A group of people in the office prepare for the snowstorm .	contradiction
A woman with a pink tank top and two different shoes poses for a picture with another woman wearing a purple wig , black cowboy hat , american flag bikini and high heeled boots .	A woman with a black tank top poses for a picture .	contradiction
A woman with a pink tank top and two different shoes poses for a picture with another woman wearing a purple wig , black cowboy hat , american flag bikini and high heeled boots .	A woman with a pink tank top poses for a picture .	entailment
A shirtless man sleeps in his blue boat out on the open waters .	The man lies wide awake in the bed of his boat trying to fall asleep	contradiction
A shirtless man sleeps in his blue boat out on the open waters .	There is a man out on his boat	entailment
A shirtless man sleeps in his blue boat out on the open waters .	A man is sleeping through a rainstorm out on his boat .	neutral
A man in a blue shirt leans on a wall beside a road with a blue van and red car with water in the background .	The man in the blue shirt is sitting on a bench	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt leans on a wall beside a road with a blue van and red car with water in the background .	The man is wearing a blue shirt .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt leans on a wall beside a road with a blue van and red car with water in the background .	The blue van belongs to the man .	neutral
A person surfs through a wave as it crashes down .	A person is lying on the beach .	contradiction
An elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations .	An older man on a family vacation .	neutral
An elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations .	An older man posing by a rock .	entailment
An elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations .	A young girl posing for a picture .	contradiction
A curly-haired child is blowing away dandelion seeds while laying in a field of lush green grass .	A child is making a wish on the dandelion seeds .	neutral
A child poses his head through a hole in a painted wall .	The child is putting his head through a hole in the wall .	entailment
A child poses his head through a hole in a painted wall .	The child is sitting in his mother 's lap behaving .	contradiction
A little child is looking towards someone while their head is in a painting designed like a bean .	A child has fallen at an art museum as a man helps him up .	contradiction
A man is standing on a rooftop looking at his camera .	A man is on the roof with a camera .	entailment
A man is standing on a rooftop looking at his camera .	A man is taking pictures on top of a roof .	neutral
A man is standing on a rooftop looking at his camera .	A man is standing in front of the house with a wrench .	contradiction
The little dog walking on the grass has a red bow in its hair .	The dog is wearing a dress .	contradiction
The little dog walking on the grass has a red bow in its hair .	The dog is walking on the grass .	entailment
The little dog walking on the grass has a red bow in its hair .	The dog is driving a car .	contradiction
Woman in light blue knit hat and light blue zippered jacket kneels in front of a bowl of liquid and small bottle .	A woman in a jacket kneels by a bowl and small bottle .	entailment
Woman in light blue knit hat and light blue zippered jacket kneels in front of a bowl of liquid and small bottle .	A woman in shorts smears dirt on the wall .	contradiction
A boy in dark blue clothes is kneeling while holding a toy .	The boy in dark clothes is playing with his toy on the floor .	entailment
A boy in dark blue clothes is kneeling while holding a toy .	A boy is playing with his toy .	entailment
The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man riding a bike .	The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man driving a car	contradiction
The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man riding a bike .	The police officer riding a horse is giving a man a ticket .	neutral
The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man riding a bike .	The police officer talking to a man .	entailment
A woman in a poky dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city .	A woman in a jacket is jumping .	entailment
A woman in a poky dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city .	A lady in a polka dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city .	entailment
A woman in a poky dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city .	The guy is shouting at the dog .	contradiction
A young girl in pink pants and a white top stands watering a group of household plants in her driveway , standing next to the family car .	A girl is spray painting the plants pink to match her pants .	contradiction
A young man and woman lay on a bed , the woman makes a goofy face .	The man and woman are relaxing together .	entailment
A young man and woman lay on a bed , the woman makes a goofy face .	The couple on the bed are angry .	contradiction
A woman in a black coat is riding her bike on a street as a man in shorts and a striped top looks at her as he passes her .	A man is checking out a woman as she rides by on her red bike .	entailment
A woman in a black coat is riding her bike on a street as a man in shorts and a striped top looks at her as he passes her .	A woman on a bike passes by a man .	entailment
Woman helps bride into dress .	A woman helps a bride dress herself .	entailment
Woman helps bride into dress .	A woman zips a wedding dress .	neutral
Woman helps bride into dress .	A man brushes his hair .	contradiction
A man and woman dance together .	A man and woman dance .	entailment
A man and woman dance together .	A man and woman fight .	contradiction
A man and woman dance together .	A man and woman dance together to their favorite song .	neutral
A man who appears to be homeless , sitting on the ground with a blue jacket on and a bald spot in the middle of his head .	the man is running through town	contradiction
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower .	A young woman is in a field with a cat .	contradiction
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower .	A young boy is in a field with a lawn mower .	entailment
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower .	A boy is in an overgrown field with a toy .	entailment
A woman with red dyed hair standing and walking with her purse among a group of seated people .	The woman is trying to get to her seat next to the group of seated people .	neutral
A woman with red dyed hair standing and walking with her purse among a group of seated people .	The woman is making her way by the group of seated people .	entailment
Rear view of woman walking along side of building .	A woman walks near a building .	entailment
A woman with a purple purse sits on the metro with her suitcase .	A woman is waiting for a train .	neutral
women wearing black tank top cutting another woman 's shirt while riding a bus .	The group of women are on a single motor bike .	contradiction
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water .	The girl is in the water .	entailment
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water .	The child is paddling a rusty canoe in the river .	neutral
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water .	The girl is splashing in an inner tube in the water .	contradiction
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .	A man is walking down a wooded path and talking on the phone .	contradiction
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .	A man is walking down a colorful alleyway while talking on a cell phone .	neutral
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .	A man is holding a cell phone and walking .	entailment
The brown dog next to the swimming pool has a ball in its mouth .	A dog is at the pool	entailment
A man in a black cap and black coat looks down while standing next to a woman wearing a blue scarf and gray coat , whose hair is in her eyes .	A man has a light black cap .	neutral
A man is sitting outside next to fruit .	A man takes a break next to his freshly picked fruit .	neutral
A man is sitting outside next to fruit .	A man sleeps on a car .	contradiction
Backside view of a South America street vendor tending to her upright oven with a second woman looking away .	Backside view of a South America street vendor tending to her car .	contradiction
A man in a blue helmet jumping off of a hill on a dirt bike .	The man is doing a trick on a bike .	entailment
A man in a blue helmet jumping off of a hill on a dirt bike .	The man is skateboarding in a park .	contradiction
A man in an orange hat and brown jacket and pants running on snow in snowshoes .	a man running with snowshoes on the snow looking for the lost girl	neutral
A man in an orange hat and brown jacket and pants running on snow in snowshoes .	a man running with snowshoes on the snow	entailment
A man in an orange hat and brown jacket and pants running on snow in snowshoes .	a man running on the track	contradiction
A woman in a purple dress talks on her cellphone and a man reads a book as a two-story bus passes by outside their window .	a woman talks on her phone	entailment
A woman in a purple dress talks on her cellphone and a man reads a book as a two-story bus passes by outside their window .	a cat sleeps on a pillow	contradiction
A boy in sandals is looking at a camera in a busy street .	A boy is in a busy street , wearing sandals , looking at a camera	entailment
A boy in sandals is looking at a camera in a busy street .	A boy is looking at electronics near a road	entailment
A young girl is swimming in a pool .	The girl is drying off outside of the pool .	contradiction
A young girl is swimming in a pool .	There is a girl in a pool .	entailment
A woman dressed as Snow White walks with other girls in costume down a street .	A lady is about to attend a Halloween party .	neutral
A man is looking over a small cliff .	The cliff is near the ocean	neutral
A butterfly costumed girl waves at the crowd .	A girl is waving at a crowd of people .	entailment
A butterfly costumed girl waves at the crowd .	A butterfly costumed girl is standing on the stage .	neutral
Woman standing on a ladder fixing letters on a theater sign , while one woman watches and one man stands nearby .	woman is putting up a new movie title	neutral
A young woman standing on a tall ladder is changing the display title on the front of an old movie theater .	The young woman is in front of the old movie theater .	entailment
A young woman standing on a tall ladder is changing the display title on the front of an old movie theater .	The young woman works for the movie theater .	neutral
A young woman standing on a tall ladder is changing the display title on the front of an old movie theater .	The young woman works in an ice cream shop .	contradiction
A boy with a board strapped to his feet does a trick while holding onto some kind of rope .	A boy is holding a rope .	entailment
A boy with a board strapped to his feet does a trick while holding onto some kind of rope .	A boy holding a rope is sleeping .	contradiction
A man is standing at a machine .	A woman is standing at a machine .	contradiction
A man is standing at a machine .	A man is standing by a machine .	entailment
A man is standing at a machine .	A man is standing at an ATM machine .	neutral
A man wearing a blue shirt with black stripes and a woman who is wearing a white jacket are walking down a narrow pathway	A man and a woman are seated on a blanket underneath a large oak tree .	contradiction
A man wearing a blue shirt with black stripes and a woman who is wearing a white jacket are walking down a narrow pathway	A man and a woman are walking side by side down a narrow path underneath the stars .	neutral
A man wearing a blue shirt with black stripes and a woman who is wearing a white jacket are walking down a narrow pathway	A man in blue and a woman in white are walking down a path .	entailment
A person on a brown horse wearing jeans , a plaid shirt , and a cowboy hat attempts to lasso a running calf .	A person on a white horse and red shirt and baseball hat attempts to lasso a running calf	contradiction
A person on a brown horse wearing jeans , a plaid shirt , and a cowboy hat attempts to lasso a running calf .	A person riding a horse	entailment
A small boat carrying at least one passenger floats in the water near a dock around sunset .	A little boat is carrying at least one passenger as it floats in the water near a dock around sunset .	entailment
A small boat carrying at least one passenger floats in the water near a dock around sunset .	A whale eats the fish .	contradiction
A person floating on a river near a metropolitan area .	A person on a river near a metropolitan area .	entailment
A person floating on a river near a metropolitan area .	A dog floating on a river near a metropolitan area .	contradiction
A person floating on a river near a metropolitan area .	A man floating on a river near a metropolitan area .	neutral
A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest .	The man is riding a 12-speed bike and wearing orange shirt and white shorts .	neutral
A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest .	A man is adventuring through the forest outside .	entailment
A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest .	The man is pushing his bike down the road	contradiction
A mountain biker clad in protective gear clears a small dirt mound on a track while an audience watches .	A biker leaps over a clad at a mountain bike show .	neutral
A young boy in a brown shirt and green shorts shares a laugh with an elderly lady wearing a black pants outfit .	A boy and a woman are laughing about a joke he told .	neutral
A young boy in a brown shirt and green shorts shares a laugh with an elderly lady wearing a black pants outfit .	A boy and a woman are laughing .	entailment
A woman holding a purse reaches up to grab the hands of a performer dressed as the statue of liberty wearing sunglasses .	A man is ignoring a homeless woman who is begging on the street in the rain .	contradiction
A young boy wearing safety swimming gear and goggles is in a pool .	A family of four plays in the surf .	contradiction
A young boy wearing safety swimming gear and goggles is in a pool .	A child wears water wings while swimming .	neutral
A young boy wearing safety swimming gear and goggles is in a pool .	A kid uses eye protection while in the water .	entailment
A man sits as a man behind him washes a bus .	The boss is showing a man how to wash the bus while the worker relaxes and enjoys his duplicity .	neutral
A man sits as a man behind him washes a bus .	One man works , another man works on his sitting .	entailment
Man on cellphone walking in front of silver car next to green grass .	The man is talking to his kid .	neutral
Man on cellphone walking in front of silver car next to green grass .	The man is running in snow .	contradiction
Man on cellphone walking in front of silver car next to green grass .	The man is talking on the cell phone .	entailment
An Asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other Asian men stand by .	The man is riding the bike .	contradiction
An Asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other Asian men stand by .	A man is fixing a bike .	entailment
An Asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other Asian men stand by .	The man is fixing the bike for his son .	neutral
A little girl and lady wearing face paint and costumes are among others holding orange balloons and an event .	A man and his son put camouflage greasepaint on their faces before they go hunting .	contradiction
A little girl and lady wearing face paint and costumes are among others holding orange balloons and an event .	A mom and her little girl are getting their faces painted at a local street fair and carnival .	neutral
A bald man in a red shirt and khaki shorts buys something from a woman wearing a visor in a store .	A man is making a purchase in a store .	entailment
A bald man in a red shirt and khaki shorts buys something from a woman wearing a visor in a store .	A bald man leaves a store without buying anything .	contradiction
A young man is caught in midair while doing a skateboard trick in an urban environment .	The man is upside down in the air .	neutral
A young man is caught in midair while doing a skateboard trick in an urban environment .	The man is standing on the sidewalk .	contradiction
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background .	A bulldog laying in the shade of a large oak tree .	contradiction
A man in a fleece jacket works with a piece of tin .	A man is wearing a jacket .	entailment
A man in a fleece jacket works with a piece of tin .	A man is wearing a brown jacket .	neutral
A man in a fleece jacket works with a piece of tin .	The man is not wearing a jacket .	contradiction
A large tan dog is rolling around on its back in a yard of grass .	A small dog is sitting in the rain .	contradiction
A large tan dog is rolling around on its back in a yard of grass .	A dog is rolling in the grass .	entailment
Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game .	One person is kicking the rugby ball down the field .	neutral
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food .	A man standing at a dinner table looking at his family .	contradiction
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food .	A man standing at a kitchen counter looking at food that he made .	neutral
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food .	A man standing at a kitchen counter looking at food .	entailment
An athlete on the Slough Jets hockey team is skating on an ice rink with a hockey stick equipped .	A person ice skating .	entailment
A young boy in a Boy Scout shirt sits in a folding camp chair indoors , with other similar chairs around him , and a green tent behind him .	A young boy with clothes on is indoors with chairs .	entailment
A young boy in a Boy Scout shirt sits in a folding camp chair indoors , with other similar chairs around him , and a green tent behind him .	The young boy scout is cleaning up the aftermath of an awesome party .	contradiction
Two people in a dense jungle area with trees and grass everywhere .	A couple are looking for their lost dog .	neutral
Man and woman walking near the ocean .	man and woman walk near water .	entailment
Man and woman walking near the ocean .	The man and woman are in a desert .	contradiction
Man and woman walking near the ocean .	Man and woman walking on the beach .	entailment
Men are running and jumping and twisting in the air as a crowd of people watches .	Men perform gymnastics tricks at a live show .	neutral
The girl in yellow shorts and white jacket has a tennis ball in her left pocket .	A man wearing yellow shorts and a white jacket	contradiction
A couple of travelers in a train station .	Some travelers are at a train station waiting for their train to arrive .	neutral
A couple of travelers in a train station .	Several dogs are waiting for a ride home from the dog park .	contradiction
A couple of travelers in a train station .	Some travelers are at a train station .	entailment
A person on a motorcycle .	a person on a motorcycle	entailment
A person on a motorcycle .	a couple on a motorcycle	contradiction
A person on a motorcycle .	a man on a motorcycle	neutral
Two people are in the ocean .	The people swim in the ocean .	neutral
Two people are in the ocean .	The two people are in a placid lake .	contradiction
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass .	A man is walking a brown dog	neutral
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass .	A man is walking a dog	entailment
A young man is having his dreadlocks cutoff by a woman with scissors .	The young man is at a barber shop .	neutral
A young man is having his dreadlocks cutoff by a woman with scissors .	The young man has twisted hair .	entailment
The lady carrying the big bag is walking under the trees in bloom .	A lady is carrying a big bag of flowers .	neutral
The lady carrying the big bag is walking under the trees in bloom .	A lady is carrying a big bag .	entailment
A man and woman , she 's dressed all in white , he has a white shirt , holding hands while walking	A man is stabbing a woman in the alley .	contradiction
A man and woman , she 's dressed all in white , he has a white shirt , holding hands while walking	A man and woman hold hands .	entailment
The young woman wearing a striped pink shirt is approaching the stone-block stairs .	A young woman comes towards the steps to her apartment	neutral
An old man wrapped in a gray cloth sitting against a wall .	An old man sits against a wall , watching the people walk by .	neutral
An old man wrapped in a gray cloth sitting against a wall .	An old man has to lye down in bed , as he is n't feeling well .	contradiction
A little boy in a bathrobe sits on a bench near the shower in a bathroom .	The boy is inside of the building .	entailment
A woman soaks her feet in a natural pool in a landscape of rocks , with green covered tents in the background .	A lady is swimming in a natural pool next to red covered tents	contradiction
A male in a black hat , brown jacket and black and white sports pants reading a newspaper next to an aged stone building with a bike out front .	a male in a hat	entailment
A male in a black hat , brown jacket and black and white sports pants reading a newspaper next to an aged stone building with a bike out front .	the male is a black man	neutral
a child is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .	a man is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .	contradiction
a child is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .	a sad child is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .	neutral
a child is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .	a kid is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .	entailment
A Jockey in a blue helmet , red shirt and white pants is riding a race horse with `` sparkasse '' signs in the background .	A jockey is riding a race horse in the Kentucky Derby .	neutral
A Jockey in a blue helmet , red shirt and white pants is riding a race horse with `` sparkasse '' signs in the background .	A man is riding a bicycle with signs in the background .	contradiction
Young man in a red hat , gray shirt , and jeans , performs a trick in the air with his skateboard .	The young man is wearing a hat .	entailment
Young man in a red hat , gray shirt , and jeans , performs a trick in the air with his skateboard .	The young man has a hunters hat on .	neutral
Young man in a red hat , gray shirt , and jeans , performs a trick in the air with his skateboard .	The young man is wearing nothing on his head .	contradiction
A girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces .	A boy looks at a camera	contradiction
A girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces .	A girl looks at a camera	entailment
A girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces .	A girl looks in front of her mothers camera	neutral
A dark colored man receives felicitations from a white colored woman which is seen by another white colored man .	The man is alone in his bathroom .	contradiction
A dark colored man receives felicitations from a white colored woman which is seen by another white colored man .	A man just got married or engaged and a lady is congratulating him	neutral
A dark colored man receives felicitations from a white colored woman which is seen by another white colored man .	A lady is scolding a man	contradiction
A costumed man stands tall above a crowd of his contemporaries in the midst of a party in a white room , furnished with overhead lights and a gray-scale painting on the wall behind him .	Someone is dressed in a costume and stands in white room , and with the wall behind .	entailment
A costumed man stands tall above a crowd of his contemporaries in the midst of a party in a white room , furnished with overhead lights and a gray-scale painting on the wall behind him .	A person is dressed in a costume and stands in a white room with a painting on the wall .	entailment
A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands .	a woman nibbles peanuts from her hand	neutral
A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands .	a man nibbles food from the table	contradiction
A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands .	a woman nibbles food from her hand	entailment
A child dressed in blue jeans with rolled cuffs and a pink hoodie waits outdoors at the foot of the stairs with an axe .	A child waits by the stairs of a haunted house .	neutral
A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it .	The boy is doing tricks with his bike .	neutral
A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it .	The boy can do a double flip on his bike .	neutral
A small girl learning to fold some clothes .	A girl is folding clothes .	entailment
A small girl learning to fold some clothes .	A girl is folding clothes to pack in a suitcase for vacation .	neutral
A small girl learning to fold some clothes .	A boy is playing with a toy trick .	contradiction
A little girl in a pink Dora shirt with a pink hat on and a pink lei around her neck is cleaning some rocks with a toothbrush in a white plastic tub .	The girl is asleep at the bottom of the ocean .	contradiction
A little girl in a pink Dora shirt with a pink hat on and a pink lei around her neck is cleaning some rocks with a toothbrush in a white plastic tub .	The girl has brown hair .	neutral
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .	The picture is of a face .	entailment
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .	The person was standing on a roof .	contradiction
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .	There person is holding a picture of their own face .	entailment
Three women and a man interacting on the street .	A group of people are standing on the street .	entailment
A smiling baby wearing a striped shirt , held by a woman with gray hair .	There is a baby in a person 's arms .	entailment
A smiling baby wearing a striped shirt , held by a woman with gray hair .	A baby is high fiving his friend who throws him a banana .	contradiction
A lady in a black shirt is standing in a crowd with a rolled up piece of paper in her hands .	The lady has a paper in her hands .	entailment
A lady in a black shirt is standing in a crowd with a rolled up piece of paper in her hands .	The lady in a black shirt has a piece of paper filled with lyrics in her hands .	neutral
A group of people are sitting at a table having a meal .	A group of people are standing around waiting to be seated at a restaurant .	contradiction
A man and woman stand facing each other , the man holding an instrument and the woman holding a piece of paper .	The man and woman are facing one another .	entailment
A graying man with glasses is standing in back of a barber 's chair in a seemingly empty barber shop .	A man is sitting in a barber 's chair inside an empty barber shop .	contradiction
A graying man with glasses is standing in back of a barber 's chair in a seemingly empty barber shop .	A man is standing in a barber shop .	entailment
A man is carrying a child on his shoulders .	The man is driving a bus .	contradiction
A team of people on a bike race .	The people are in a unicycle race .	contradiction
Some people standing outside next to a flower vendor and across the street from a McDonald 's on a rainy day .	The people are at a market .	neutral
A girl in a blue shirt leaps into the air .	The girl has a green shirt .	contradiction
A schoolgirl wearing a white dress , blue-striped knee socks , a blue tie , and braids , smiles in front of a line of her classmates .	A line of schoolchildren preparing to board a bus after their field trip .	neutral
A young Asian woman wearing modern clothing leans against a cast iron fence in front of a brick building .	Every person shown has extremely traditional ethnic dress on .	contradiction
A child is reaching up to the counter using a step stool .	The child is sitting on the floor .	contradiction
A child is reaching up to the counter using a step stool .	The child is trying to reach some candy .	neutral
A child is reaching up to the counter using a step stool .	The child is using a step stool .	entailment
A woman smiling while on a bicycle .	A woman is driving a car too fast .	contradiction
A woman smiling while on a bicycle .	A woman is smiling on her bicycle as cars drive past her .	neutral
A person in a red hat with a huge backpack going hiking .	The person is in a hat has a big bag while walking on a tough terrain .	neutral
A child climbing a rock .	A small child is climbing a rock to see what 's on the other side .	neutral
A child climbing a rock .	A child is climbing on a rock .	entailment
A child climbing a rock .	An old woman sits on a rock .	contradiction
A crowd of people are looking at various items for sale on top of a table at an outdoor event .	A crowd of people are watching a movie indoors .	contradiction
A crowd of people are looking at various items for sale on top of a table at an outdoor event .	A crowd of people are going shopping at their local spring festival .	neutral
A woman with a beautiful dress and matching umbrella is walking down the street carrying a purse on her arm .	The woman is walking down the street .	entailment
A woman with a beautiful dress and matching umbrella is walking down the street carrying a purse on her arm .	The woman is not carrying an umbrella .	contradiction
A man and a woman repairing something .	A couple work together to repair their television set .	neutral
A man and a woman repairing something .	A couple work together to make dinner in the kitchen .	contradiction
A woman in a blue shirt stands with her hands on her hips .	The woman in the blue shirt is looking at paintings in a museum .	neutral
A woman in a blue shirt stands with her hands on her hips .	The woman in the blue shirt is touching herself .	entailment
A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps .	A man owns a blue bicycle .	neutral
A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps .	A man owns a bicycle .	neutral
A man in a black , white , and red uniform is holding yellow ski poles and racing or preparing to race .	A man is holding yellow ski poles .	entailment
A man in a black , white , and red uniform is holding yellow ski poles and racing or preparing to race .	A man is revving his dirt bike , ready for his race .	contradiction
A girl wearing a teal shirt smiles while holding a piece of paper , with the other side held by someone standing off-camera .	A girl holds a kitten .	contradiction
A girl wearing a teal shirt smiles while holding a piece of paper , with the other side held by someone standing off-camera .	A girl holds a piece of colored paper .	neutral
A girl wearing a teal shirt smiles while holding a piece of paper , with the other side held by someone standing off-camera .	A girl holds a piece of paper .	entailment
A person performs a snowboarding trick on a rail as a man crouches down to get a better view .	The man tries to learn how the person performs the snowboarding trick .	neutral
Two people in a field looking off-camera .	Two people are jumping into a pool to go swimming .	contradiction
Two people in a field looking off-camera .	Two people are taking baby announcement photos .	neutral
A group of people dressed in formal wear pose for a picture .	Wedding party portrait with bride and groom .	neutral
Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field .	The dog is practicing balancing on one leg .	neutral
Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field .	The dog is standing on one leg .	contradiction
A group of dancers with green shirts are all holding hands in a circle , one lady has a white shirt .	A group of dancers is about to dance for a school competition	neutral
Four people in a kitchen	Four people in a kitchen cooking a meal at a restaurant .	neutral
Four people in a kitchen	Four people in a barn working on a car .	contradiction
Four people in a kitchen	Four people in a kitchen cooking .	entailment
A man with an orange jacket , takes the photo of four women , and a man in a greenish yellow suite .	A photographer is taking pictures of people for a sports magazine .	neutral
A man with an orange jacket , takes the photo of four women , and a man in a greenish yellow suite .	A man is photographing five people .	entailment
A young child is looking at a commuter train station from the train seat .	The child is playing baseball at home .	contradiction
A young child is looking at a commuter train station from the train seat .	The child is on a train seat .	entailment
A person is folding laundry on the floor .	A man is folding his laundry while sitting on the floor .	entailment
The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond .	A girl is swinging toward the water to jump in .	neutral
man in white shirt and striped shorts playing organ being observed by man wearing yellow shirt	A man in a shirt and shorts plays an organ and observes by someone else .	entailment
A man in a black shirt is standing behind a blue SUV .	A person is next to a car	entailment
A man in a black shirt is standing behind a blue SUV .	A woman is next to a red compact car .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt is standing behind a blue SUV .	An old person is next to a car .	neutral
A dog owner is running along side his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .	The man and dog are in a competition .	neutral
A dog owner is running along side his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .	A man is running beside his dog .	entailment
A dog owner is running along side his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .	The man is with a cat .	contradiction
A woman on vacation enjoying a vanilla ice cream cone .	A woman is eating ice cream on the beach .	neutral
A woman on vacation enjoying a vanilla ice cream cone .	A woman is putting ice cream in her shoe .	contradiction
A woman on vacation enjoying a vanilla ice cream cone .	A woman is eating cold ice cream .	entailment
A large elderly woman in a green stripy dress is carrying shopping bags along a cobbled street .	a woman in green walks along a street	entailment
A man standing in a stairwell with a green strip on the wall .	A man is waiting for his friend to catch up .	neutral
A man standing in a stairwell with a green strip on the wall .	A man is running down the sidewalk .	contradiction
A man pulls a bicycle-driven cart through a city alley .	A man is pulling his ice cream cart .	neutral
A man pulls a bicycle-driven cart through a city alley .	A man is plowing a field .	contradiction
A rather tall man and a woman wearing a red top and blue jeans waiting at on the sidewalk .	The man and woman are standing next to a road .	entailment
A rather tall man and a woman wearing a red top and blue jeans waiting at on the sidewalk .	The man and woman are walking to the pharmacy .	contradiction
A rather tall man and a woman wearing a red top and blue jeans waiting at on the sidewalk .	The man and woman are standing in the shower .	contradiction
Three woman are standing in a room .	Three man are standing in a room .	contradiction
Three woman are standing in a room .	Three sad woman are standing in a room .	neutral
Three woman are standing in a room .	Three people are standing in a room .	entailment
A race car speeding on the track .	A race car is in movement .	entailment
A race car speeding on the track .	A race car has stalled along the track .	contradiction
A race car speeding on the track .	A race car is winning the race .	neutral
A red and white race car rounds the curve on a racing track .	The cars are going around a curve and can see the finish line .	neutral
A man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood .	The man waved at the camera .	entailment
A man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood .	The man hit the camera .	contradiction
A man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood .	The man waved at the camera for the photographer .	neutral
A man sitting in a small shelter with various articles of clothing hanging on the wall .	A guy is in a spacious dining room .	contradiction
A man sitting in a small shelter with various articles of clothing hanging on the wall .	A guy is rolling a cigarette .	contradiction
Young girl playing with chocolate milk powder .	She ate the chocolate milk poweder unmixed	neutral
Young girl playing with chocolate milk powder .	There is a girl playing with food	entailment
Seated street musician in black derby plays wind instrument with no one listening or watching .	The man is singing on the guitar .	contradiction
Seated street musician in black derby plays wind instrument with no one listening or watching .	The man sitting down is a musician .	neutral
A man drags a young boy in swim trunks into the surf at what appears to be a beach in a tropical location .	A man is teaching a boy how to swim .	neutral
A man drags a young boy in swim trunks into the surf at what appears to be a beach in a tropical location .	A man and boy are in a body of water .	entailment
A man drags a young boy in swim trunks into the surf at what appears to be a beach in a tropical location .	A man is baking a loaf of bread .	contradiction
A young boy is bowling for one pin with a ball outside , while 3 other people are in the background .	A young boy is playing hockey .	contradiction
Blue race car raises dust cloud on road as spectators take photos .	A race at a dirt track .	neutral
Blue race car raises dust cloud on road as spectators take photos .	A car parked on a ferry boat .	contradiction
Spray obscures the face and torso of the paddle wielding man in the red kayak .	A man is going down a river in a kayak .	neutral
A group of people walking across the street some carrying large black and red flags .	Some people carrying flags are walking on a street .	entailment
A group of people walking across the street some carrying large black and red flags .	Some people walking across the street holding large flags are part of a parade .	neutral
A middle-aged Asian woman is standing behind a counter preparing food .	A middle-aged Asian lady is ordering food from behind a counter .	contradiction
A middle-aged Asian woman is standing behind a counter preparing food .	The lady is making food .	entailment
A middle-aged Asian woman is standing behind a counter preparing food .	A middle-aged Asian lady is cooking dumplings .	neutral
A group of four people are standing in the ocean next to a jet ski while a man close by fishes .	The family is having an outing at the beach .	neutral
A person in gray snowboarding down a hill .	There is snow on the hill .	entailment
A small boy purchases vegetables from an older man .	A boy buys food .	entailment
A small boy purchases vegetables from an older man .	A boy buys tomatoes and broccoli from a man .	neutral
A person with dark hair is standing on the sidewalk in front of an orange and white truck .	The person gets in the white truck .	entailment
A person with dark hair is standing on the sidewalk in front of an orange and white truck .	The man is standing on the sidewalk .	entailment
A person with dark hair is standing on the sidewalk in front of an orange and white truck .	The man is standing on some grass .	contradiction
Man waters plants as woman in orange shirt walks by .	The man is swimming in the middle of the ocean by himself .	contradiction
Man waters plants as woman in orange shirt walks by .	The man is near water .	contradiction
A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her .	A child plays with a dog in a field .	contradiction
A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her .	A child is raising his or her hand .	entailment
A young boy wearing blue shorts is splashing is a blue kiddie pool .	The young boy is being supervised by his mom .	neutral
Two asian kids are playing with a very large tree branch .	A couple of kids are playing in the forest .	neutral
A woman in a dark blue , and white sweater , walks with her son , down a street .	A mom and son walking the streets searching for his dad passed out in a gutter .	neutral
A woman in a dark blue , and white sweater , walks with her son , down a street .	A woman drives her son to soccer practice .	contradiction
A woman in a dark blue , and white sweater , walks with her son , down a street .	A woman and her son walking .	entailment
A mountain biker rides up a hill on a red bicycle .	The biker rode up the hill towards his friend .	neutral
A man riding a bicycle on pavement with graffiti .	The man is in a race	neutral
A very young child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball in a large pile of snow .	A child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball in a large pile of snow .	entailment
A very young child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball in a large pile of snow .	A very young child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball .	entailment
Brunette man play saxophone in a busy outdoor shopping center as people look on , he wears a camouflage jacket and saxophone is gold .	A man playing a gold saxophone .	entailment
Brunette man play saxophone in a busy outdoor shopping center as people look on , he wears a camouflage jacket and saxophone is gold .	A man playing a gold saxophone in New York City .	neutral
Brunette man play saxophone in a busy outdoor shopping center as people look on , he wears a camouflage jacket and saxophone is gold .	A man playing a guitar on a desolate street corner .	contradiction
A man wearing a black jacket plays on his smartphone , while the little girl next to him wearing a scarf and blue jacket reads a book .	The man is using his phone .	entailment
A man in a bicycle is passing through a house with blue doors .	A man is on a bike .	entailment
A man in a bicycle is passing through a house with blue doors .	A man is looking at a painting .	contradiction
Two men , and one girl are wearing life jackets and swimming in the water .	Three people participate in a water rescue class .	neutral
A man is laying down on grass near trees and a hose .	A man is in his bed .	contradiction
A little girl is walking over a path of numbers .	The girl is walking on the grass .	contradiction
A group of kids sitting around a table while another person holds a circle blocking out light .	The kids are playing a card game .	neutral
A man and woman sit on a park bench with a set of newlyweds behind .	A mother an father posing for wedding pictures with the newlyweds .	neutral
A woman in a kitchen holds a can surrounded by bowls .	The woman is in the bathroom .	contradiction
A woman in a kitchen holds a can surrounded by bowls .	The woman is cooking dinner .	neutral
man wearing a harmonica playing the guitar and singing	A great man making music .	neutral
A clown making a balloon animal for a pretty lady .	A clown making balloon shapes for a lady .	entailment
A clown making a balloon animal for a pretty lady .	A clown showing off for a lady he has a crush on .	neutral
A girl is throwing a football on the beach .	A girl is on the beach with friends .	neutral
A girl is throwing a football on the beach .	A girl is trying to swim on the beach .	contradiction
A black woman balancing a large platter on her head that has many bagged items on it .	A woman carrying things on her head .	entailment
A young girl throws sand toward the ocean .	The girl is tossing sand into the ocean	entailment
A young girl throws sand toward the ocean .	The girl ca n't stand the ocean	neutral
Three people on a beach .	The people are asleep in their bedroom .	contradiction
Three people on a beach .	The people each have one head .	entailment
A man in his 30 's is sitting on a curb of a busy sidewalk , dressed in a furry green costume .	The man just lost his job playing Oscar the Grouch at Sesame Place because he kicked a child .	neutral
A man in his 30 's is sitting on a curb of a busy sidewalk , dressed in a furry green costume .	The man really has furry green skin .	contradiction
A girl with a balloon animal in her left hand looks up as a person on stilts leans down to show the girl something .	A girl is swimming in a pool .	contradiction
A girl with a balloon animal in her left hand looks up as a person on stilts leans down to show the girl something .	A girl is holding a balloon animal while a person is showing her something .	entailment
A man and a woman stare at the skyline .	The man and woman are staring into each others ' eyes .	contradiction
A man and a woman stare at the skyline .	The man and woman are holding hands .	neutral
A lady dances in a polka dot dress and a head of flowers with a fan clasped in her hand while others are looking in a different direction with two men holding onto a ladder and others discussing .	A woman works on a new porch .	contradiction
A lady dances in a polka dot dress and a head of flowers with a fan clasped in her hand while others are looking in a different direction with two men holding onto a ladder and others discussing .	A woman dances while a group of people purposely ignore her .	neutral
A young man with a plain shirt looking down , with a band and dancing people behind him .	A man performing in a play looks down at the audiance as the band and dancers move in the background .	neutral
A young man with a plain shirt looking down , with a band and dancing people behind him .	A man looking down at something as a band and dancing people form behind him .	entailment
This car is leaving a dust trail as it travels along a dirt road in a wooded area .	A car is traveling along a dirt road .	entailment
This car is leaving a dust trail as it travels along a dirt road in a wooded area .	A car is sitting in the shop , waiting for a mechanic to fix a part .	contradiction
A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap .	There is a man in a white hoodie watching a man in a blue cap .	contradiction
A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap .	There is a man watching another man .	entailment
A bridal party assembles outside a stone building .	A bridal party gets together outside a stone building during the weekend .	neutral
A bridal party assembles outside a stone building .	A bridal party is bathering outside a stone building .	entailment
A bridal party assembles outside a stone building .	A farmer takes a cow through a wooden gate .	contradiction
The person is standing in the doorway beneath the tree .	In a wide open , treeless field , an elephant is being chased by a mouse .	contradiction
The person is standing in the doorway beneath the tree .	A person is under a doorway where there is a tree .	entailment
The Rockettes perform on the street in front of Radio City Music Hall , as well as next to a cop car .	The Rockettes are near a cop car .	entailment
The Rockettes perform on the street in front of Radio City Music Hall , as well as next to a cop car .	The car is a food truck .	contradiction
A man hanging outside with a rope harness paints a structure 's exterior wall with blue paint .	A man painting outside .	entailment
A man hanging outside with a rope harness paints a structure 's exterior wall with blue paint .	A man washing his car in the drive way .	contradiction
A man hanging outside with a rope harness paints a structure 's exterior wall with blue paint .	A man painting his father in-laws home .	neutral
A woman dressed in a black sweater , blue jeans , and golden high heel boots is looking a merchandise in a storefront window .	A woman is standing in store .	neutral
A woman dressed in a black sweater , blue jeans , and golden high heel boots is looking a merchandise in a storefront window .	A woman is window shopping for purses .	neutral
A woman dressed in a black sweater , blue jeans , and golden high heel boots is looking a merchandise in a storefront window .	A woman is window shopping .	entailment
A woman , whose face can only be seen in a mirror , is applying eyeliner in a dimly lit room .	A woman is getting ready for her performance in the dressing room .	neutral
A woman , whose face can only be seen in a mirror , is applying eyeliner in a dimly lit room .	A woman is applying eyeliner in a dimly lit room .	entailment
This boy is in deep concentration playing a game of ping-pong .	The boy slept while playing a game	contradiction
A group of people play a game in the road .	a boat out of the water	contradiction
A group of people play a game in the road .	people playing a game on a hot summer day	neutral
A group of people play a game in the road .	people playing a game	entailment
A redheaded woman walking across the street .	A woman is walking towards her car .	neutral
A redheaded woman walking across the street .	The redheaded woman is at the salon dying her hair brunette .	contradiction
Two Asian women talking and having drinks at a small round table .	Two ladies are having lunch on the restaurant patio .	neutral
A man wearing a pink shirt and wearing glasses crouching down in front of a basket of clothing at the laundromat .	A man is wearing a pink shirt .	entailment
A black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline	dog is playing baseball	contradiction
A black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline	a dog leaps out of the water	entailment
A black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline	dog leaping from a snake	neutral
A boy on a skateboard ramp .	The boy is doing a skateboard trick	neutral
A boy on a skateboard ramp .	The girl is waiting on her bike	contradiction
Two people sitting on a bench by the water with a dog .	Two people are enjoying a day with their dog	neutral
Two people sitting on a bench by the water with a dog .	Two people are sitting on a bench	entailment
A man is playing with a baby on a deck .	A man plays with a baby .	entailment
A man is playing with a baby on a deck .	A man plays with a dog .	contradiction
A man is playing with a baby on a deck .	A man plays with his son .	neutral
A woman is holding a dog on a leash in front of a small pier .	The little dog is restrained by the woman holding the leash	neutral
A woman is holding a dog on a leash in front of a small pier .	The woman is swimming laps at the pool	contradiction
A woman is holding a dog on a leash in front of a small pier .	The woman holds the leash to prevent the little dog chasing the cat	neutral
A street filled with people walking and riding bikes .	A street filled with people .	entailment
A street filled with people walking and riding bikes .	An empty street usually filled with people walking and riding bikes .	contradiction
A street filled with people walking and riding bikes .	A market street filled with people walking and riding bikes .	neutral
A group of people on the beach with cameras .	People are standing in a rain forest .	contradiction
A mother pushing a stroller and holding the hand of a toddler .	A mother is walking with a child .	entailment
A mother pushing a stroller and holding the hand of a toddler .	There is a baby girl in the stroller .	neutral
A man in a beanie doing a bike trick .	The man is riding a bike .	entailment
Man reading a book while working as a street vendor .	A man reads a book about sports while working .	neutral
A woman is riding a bike as a child rides on the back of the bike .	A woman is riding a bike as a kid rides on the back .	entailment
A woman is riding a bike as a child rides on the back of the bike .	A woman is sitting on a bench .	contradiction
A young boy with his mum going home after playing toy games .	A boy is in the water playing with his mum .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt holds a smiling baby while another person in a blue shirt stands in the foreground .	A woman holds a happy baby while another person stands nearby .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt holds a smiling baby while another person in a blue shirt stands in the foreground .	A man and a woman are changing a baby 's diaper .	contradiction
A man with a black shirt holds a baby while a blue shirted individual faces them .	A darkly dressed man passes a crying baby to a man in light colored clothes .	contradiction
A man with a black shirt holds a baby while a blue shirted individual faces them .	A man sits all alone on a park bench , arms folded .	contradiction
A man with a black shirt holds a baby while a blue shirted individual faces them .	One person faces another person who 's holding a baby .	entailment
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .	A man in a black hat spending time with his dog beneth tree in a park .	neutral
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .	A man sits in a chair as his dog sleeps beside him .	contradiction
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .	A man in blue playing with his dog outside in a park .	entailment
Elderly woman with green sweater picking out produce in outdoor market .	The elderly lady is at the market	entailment
A man cooks chicken on the grill , while others enjoy food in the background .	A man in a chef hat cooks chicken on a red grill , while other men are eating and giving thumbs up in the background .	neutral
A man cooks chicken on the grill , while others enjoy food in the background .	A human cooks food while others consume food in the background .	entailment
Two people are walking up a mountain .	Two sad people are walking up a mountain .	neutral
A woman in a striped shirt posing for the camera while another woman holding a drink looks on .	Another woman is eating a sandwich .	contradiction
A man wearing a horned hat poses for a picture .	A man wearing a horned hat smiles and poses for a photograph	neutral
A man wearing a horned hat poses for a picture .	A man wearing a horned hat poses for a photograph	entailment
While drinking a coupe of Red Stripe beers , a man with a gray t-shirt speaks to another man wearing a blue button up shirt .	While drinking beer a man is dancing with another man	contradiction
Woman sitting at a park bench reading a book .	the woman is driving down the road .	contradiction
Woman sitting at a park bench reading a book .	The woman is waiting on a friend .	neutral
Woman sitting at a park bench reading a book .	the woman is sitting in the park .	entailment
A young girl wearing a blue , flowered , spaghetti strap dress is eating marshmallows on a stick while sitting in a bucket of water .	a silly girl plays near a water bucket	neutral
A young girl wearing a blue , flowered , spaghetti strap dress is eating marshmallows on a stick while sitting in a bucket of water .	a girl wearing a dress eats marshmallows	entailment
A man in a hat is riding a motorized skateboard .	The guy with a hat is using a skateboard .	entailment
A man drives a motorcycle , with a woman in an orange sari and a young girl in a blue dress riding in the backseat .	A young girl in a pink tutu is driving a motorcycle .	contradiction
A man drives a motorcycle , with a woman in an orange sari and a young girl in a blue dress riding in the backseat .	A woman in an orange sari is a passenger on a motor cycle .	entailment
A man drives a motorcycle , with a woman in an orange sari and a young girl in a blue dress riding in the backseat .	The man is taking his wife and daughter on a motorcycle trip .	neutral
A woman is holding a cake frosted with chocolate-colored frosting and decorated with orange and yellow stars in front of a boy with blond-hair .	A woman is holding a fresh baked cherry pie in front of a girl in a party dress .	contradiction
A woman is holding a cake frosted with chocolate-colored frosting and decorated with orange and yellow stars in front of a boy with blond-hair .	A woman carries a delicious looking decorated cake .	entailment
A woman is holding a cake frosted with chocolate-colored frosting and decorated with orange and yellow stars in front of a boy with blond-hair .	A woman has baked a chocolate frosted cake for the boys birthday .	neutral
A woman in a white dress with one leg stops to read a poster .	A lady wearing white who only has one leg has stopped to read a poster .	entailment
A woman in a white dress with one leg stops to read a poster .	A woman in a white dress had her leg amputated and has stopped to read a poster showing a wheelchair .	neutral
A woman in a white dress with one leg stops to read a poster .	A lady in a white dress runs past a poster .	contradiction
A smiling young man is standing indoors with his left foot on a blue-wheeled child 's scooter and his right foot on a yellow-wheeled child 's scooter .	The young man is standing on his scooter and his little brothers scooter simultaneously .	neutral
A smiling young man is standing indoors with his left foot on a blue-wheeled child 's scooter and his right foot on a yellow-wheeled child 's scooter .	The young man is lying in bed with a cold .	contradiction
A young man in a green sweatshirt holds a young boy with a blue backpack and a yellow sweatshirt in front of a run-down building .	A man is holding a young boy .	neutral
A young man in a green sweatshirt holds a young boy with a blue backpack and a yellow sweatshirt in front of a run-down building .	The man is showing his son where he grew up .	neutral
A young man in a green sweatshirt holds a young boy with a blue backpack and a yellow sweatshirt in front of a run-down building .	A man is chasing after a young boy who is running after a ball .	contradiction
A man with a checkered shirt on is giving a powerpoint presentation to people .	the man is wearing a green shirt	contradiction
A man speaking or singing into a microphone while playing the piano .	A man is performing surgery on a giraffe while singing .	contradiction
A man speaking or singing into a microphone while playing the piano .	A man is giving a piano lesson .	neutral
A man in a black jacket plays a black electric guitar and sings .	A man is playing whose is in a band is playing an electric guitar .	neutral
A man in a black jacket plays a black electric guitar and sings .	A man is playing on an electric guitar .	entailment
A man is photographing a small staked camel and a woman is trying to walk past it .	A man and a woman are riding a camel .	contradiction
A man is photographing a small staked camel and a woman is trying to walk past it .	A man is taking a picture .	entailment
A girl wearing a maroon shirt leaps into the air while in the woods .	A girl is in bed .	contradiction
A girl wearing a maroon shirt leaps into the air while in the woods .	A girl leaps up to pick a fruit from a tree in the woods .	neutral
A woman lies on a bed with a red , orange , and blue striped comforter crumpled up next to her .	A woman is cooking dinner .	contradiction
A japanese person with bleached blond-hair set in a design with spikes , wearing a black leather jacket .	The Japanese man in a denim jacket has straight black hair .	contradiction
A japanese person with bleached blond-hair set in a design with spikes , wearing a black leather jacket .	The biker in black leather has spiky blond hair .	neutral
A japanese person with bleached blond-hair set in a design with spikes , wearing a black leather jacket .	The Japanese person with spiky blond hair wearing a jacket .	entailment
A little boy is kneeling on the floor , scribbling with an orange and blue crayon on a paper , at a little table with the arm of a man resting on the table .	a boy is coloring for a man	neutral
A little boy is kneeling on the floor , scribbling with an orange and blue crayon on a paper , at a little table with the arm of a man resting on the table .	the boy and man are talking among themselves	contradiction
A man sits beside parked cars on a city street .	A man is sitting on a bench .	neutral
A man sits beside parked cars on a city street .	A man is standing in line .	contradiction
A little girl sitting in a small body of water , with sand and beach toys surrounding her .	The girl is seated near water .	entailment
A little girl sitting in a small body of water , with sand and beach toys surrounding her .	The girl is at a theme park .	neutral
A young boy in a cowboy hat and holding some food sits in the back of a small vehicle while an adult leans over in the background next to a large blue device displaying the words 99 % Angel .	A young boy in a cowboy hat is holding some food .	entailment
A young boy in a cowboy hat and holding some food sits in the back of a small vehicle while an adult leans over in the background next to a large blue device displaying the words 99 % Angel .	A young boy in a cowboy hat is throwing a ball	contradiction
A young boy in a cowboy hat and holding some food sits in the back of a small vehicle while an adult leans over in the background next to a large blue device displaying the words 99 % Angel .	A young boy in a cowboy hat is holding a hamburger .	neutral
A man and a woman dressed in semi-formal attire show faces of excitement looking over a table with Jenga blocks scattered over it .	A man and a woman are dressed in semi-formal attire .	entailment
A woman wearing a black shirt with a cigarette in her right hand is smiling at the camera .	The woman is wearing a red shirt .	contradiction
A man , wearing yellow , is riding a bike in the woods .	A deer passes by the man as he rode his bike into the woods .	neutral
A man , wearing yellow , is riding a bike in the woods .	The man drives his car in the woods .	contradiction
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .	A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a path near another dog .	entailment
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .	A brown dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another brown dog .	neutral
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .	A black and white dog is running across a field .	neutral
A dog runs along the shore of a pond with two elegant geese swimming .	A dog runs along a pond attempting to catch to elegant geese swimming .	neutral
A dog runs along the shore of a pond with two elegant geese swimming .	A dog runs along the edge of a pond outdoors .	entailment
A dog runs along the shore of a pond with two elegant geese swimming .	A dog sleeps beneath a tree in the backyard .	contradiction
A man playing a sport in a green uniform holding a paddle over his head .	A man is playing a sport in a stadium	neutral
A man playing a sport in a green uniform holding a paddle over his head .	A man playing a sport in a red uniform holding a paddle over his head .	contradiction
A light colored dog splashes through the water .	The dog is having fun in the water .	entailment
A light colored dog splashes through the water .	The dog is running through the grass .	contradiction
A man in a light colored uniform is outside an Asian restaurant cleaning the display window which features exotic foods hanging on hooks .	A man has a light colored uniform .	entailment
A man in a light colored uniform is outside an Asian restaurant cleaning the display window which features exotic foods hanging on hooks .	A man has a light blue colored uniform .	neutral
Young man engraves Arabic writing into a stone .	Young man is engraving into a stone while his family looks on .	neutral
Young man engraves Arabic writing into a stone .	Young man is engraving into a stone .	entailment
Young man engraves Arabic writing into a stone .	Young man skis down the mountain .	contradiction
A little girl in a pink jacket is walking .	The girl is wearing a white jacket .	contradiction
A little girl in a pink jacket is walking .	The little girl can walk .	entailment
A person in orange climbs a sheer cliff face covered in snow and ice .	The cliff is covered in ice	entailment
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .	A cat claws at a toy .	contradiction
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .	A dog carries a stick across the grass .	entailment
A woman , wearing a dress , while sitting down playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone .	The woman is swimming in the middle of the ocean by herself .	contradiction
An old bearded man plays a hand flute on the side of a sidewalk .	An old bearded lady plays an instrument on the side of a river .	contradiction
An old bearded man plays a hand flute on the side of a sidewalk .	An old bearded man plays a board game on the side of a sidewalk .	contradiction
An old bearded man plays a hand flute on the side of a sidewalk .	An old bearded man plays an instrument on the side of a sidewalk .	entailment
A man providing entertainment on the sidewalk by playing the violin .	A man playing the violin entertains on the sidewalk .	entailment
A man providing entertainment on the sidewalk by playing the violin .	A man is sleeping in a park by his violin .	contradiction
A man providing entertainment on the sidewalk by playing the violin .	A man is entertaining a crowd by playing classical music on the sidewalk	neutral
A guy wearing a black shirt and gray pants pushing his shopping cart past a candy aisle of a Walmart .	A man is inside a store .	entailment
A guy wearing a black shirt and gray pants pushing his shopping cart past a candy aisle of a Walmart .	An old man is buying some chocolate .	neutral
A group of people walking in a line through the snow toward a mountain .	group of people walking the snow toward a mountain	entailment
A girl in a child 's swimming pool .	A girl playing in the sand .	contradiction
A girl in a child 's swimming pool .	A girl playing water polo in the pool .	neutral
A girl in a child 's swimming pool .	A girl in a small swimming pool .	entailment
A man wearing black clothing is standing at an empty table that has water glasses and papers strewn about .	A man wearing black clothing is standing around at an empty table that has water glasses and papers strewn about .	entailment
The people ride down the road on sleds .	The people are on the bus going to the museum	contradiction
The people ride down the road on sleds .	The sleds carry the people along the road	entailment
A crowd of people in a lightly snow covered opening with trees to the left and buildings in the background .	The people are near a building .	entailment
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow .	A dog chasing a squirrel in a dry desert .	contradiction
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow .	A dog in the snow .	entailment
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow .	A dog chasing a squirrel in the snow .	neutral
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog .	A man bit a dog .	contradiction
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog .	A man is being bitten by a dog while walking .	neutral
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog .	A man is bitten by a dog while training the dog .	entailment
A boy wearing a yellow jersey is accepting the baton from a female wearing a yellow jersey in a relay race .	A boy accepting a baton in a race .	entailment
A boy wearing a yellow jersey is accepting the baton from a female wearing a yellow jersey in a relay race .	A boy being handed a baton by his mother in a race .	neutral
A boy wearing a yellow jersey is accepting the baton from a female wearing a yellow jersey in a relay race .	A girl is handed a baton by a man in a race .	contradiction
A couple of peace corp workers are helping a black kid dig .	The peace corp people are helping the black kid dig a hole to find gold .	neutral
A couple of peace corp workers are helping a black kid dig .	There are people helping a child .	entailment
A group of people in white sports outfits are gathered together while one of them performs a dance .	A group of people are gathered to cook chicken on the grill .	contradiction
A group of people in white sports outfits are gathered together while one of them performs a dance .	The group of people has a person doing a dance performance .	entailment
A small dark-haired boy climbing in a large tree .	A small dark-haired boy wearing a blue shirt is climbing in a large tree with a tree house in it .	neutral
A small dark-haired boy climbing in a large tree .	A small dark-haired boy is climbing over a car seat .	contradiction
A group of Indian young women and girls are bathing at the edge of a pool with their dry clothes and a building in the background .	A small family unit is bathing at a pool .	neutral
A group of Indian young women and girls are bathing at the edge of a pool with their dry clothes and a building in the background .	A group of men playfully splash water at each other .	contradiction
Seven women stand and sit around a waters edge and one of them women sitting in the middle with her bare feet in the water drinks from a water bottle .	The water bottle contains soda .	neutral
Seven women stand and sit around a waters edge and one of them women sitting in the middle with her bare feet in the water drinks from a water bottle .	A woman is drinking from her water bottle with her feet in the water .	entailment
A man stands on the sidewalk near a lamp post as well as a pillar forming part of an edifice .	The man is on a sidewalk .	entailment
A man stands on the sidewalk near a lamp post as well as a pillar forming part of an edifice .	The man is on a ship .	contradiction
A girl and a guy biking down a long strip of road with people jogging in the distance .	The boy and girl are riding bikes .	entailment
A girl and a guy biking down a long strip of road with people jogging in the distance .	A woman jogs by herself on the beach .	contradiction
With the sun rising , a person is gliding with a huge parachute attached to them .	The person is swimming in the ocean	contradiction
A young woman and a young man are talking with a group of other people around .	A man having dinner alone .	contradiction
A boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a couch with other people .	A boy in the company of other people	entailment
A small group of people listen to a man in a blue shirt in front of a natural stone two-story structure with five steps leading to a white door on the lower level .	a man talks to a group of people	entailment
A small group of people listen to a man in a blue shirt in front of a natural stone two-story structure with five steps leading to a white door on the lower level .	an eagle sits in a tree	contradiction
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans , wearing a black helmet , pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube .	The man is drinking water after riding a bicycle .	neutral
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans , wearing a black helmet , pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube .	A man is drinking soda at a soda fountain .	contradiction
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans , wearing a black helmet , pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube .	The man is drinking water indoors .	neutral
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans , wearing a black helmet , pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube .	A casually dressed man is drinking water .	entailment
Bald man in white and black shorts , punching man with black hair , and red , orange and blue shorts .	Two men sit peacefully on a park bench .	contradiction
Bald man in white and black shorts , punching man with black hair , and red , orange and blue shorts .	A man punches another man .	entailment
the shadow silhouette of a woman standing near the water looking at a large attraction on the other side .	A woman is casting a shadow .	entailment
Grading and pricing fish in an open air fish market .	A fresh catch right off the boat has been delivered for sale to the market .	neutral
Grading and pricing fish in an open air fish market .	A child stares at a fish tank as guppies and goldfish swim by .	contradiction
From afar , a person walks down a path through a brown field .	A person crosses a field in the distance .	entailment
A child slides down a colorful slide while another child watches	A child watches a friend slide down the slide , excited to slide down herself .	neutral
little boy running in the street .	A boy is riding a bicycle on the sidewalk .	contradiction
little boy running in the street .	A boy is running to school in the street .	neutral
little boy running in the street .	There is a street with a boy running	entailment
A man in a white shirt waves his hand under a white and blue umbrella .	A man is standing on his head under water .	contradiction
A man in a white shirt waves his hand under a white and blue umbrella .	A man wearing a white shirt under an umbrella is waving .	entailment
A man in a white shirt waves his hand under a white and blue umbrella .	A man sitting under an umbrella on the beach is waving at others .	neutral
A little asian girl in pigtails is building with wood and painting with colored markers .	a young oriental girl is building and painting	entailment
A little asian girl in pigtails is building with wood and painting with colored markers .	a young girl is building and painting for her mother	neutral
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .	The boy has no clothes on .	contradiction
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .	The boy loves chocolate .	neutral
Two elderly people are walking down the street on a sunny day .	The elderly people are walking their poodles in the park .	neutral
Two elderly people are walking down the street on a sunny day .	The elderly people are a married couple holding hands .	neutral
Three people are taking a photograph of a young woman sitting in the middle of the street .	Hundreds of squirrels working together to imitate human photographers tap dance for a woman they believe is actually a pile of acorns wearing a wig .	contradiction
Three people are taking a photograph of a young woman sitting in the middle of the street .	A woman having her photo taken .	entailment
An overweight man in a blue and black hooded sweatshirt works on a laptop computer outdoors .	A man does some work while sitting outside at a park .	entailment
An overweight man in a blue and black hooded sweatshirt works on a laptop computer outdoors .	A skinny man in a tank top watches TV inside .	contradiction
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .	The man is trying to see his phone in the sun .	neutral
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .	The man is in the hat is driving past a busy sidewalk .	contradiction
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .	The man is sitting on the sidewalk as others walk by him .	neutral
A blond woman in a white cutoff shirt and jeans is walking .	A man walks to a park .	contradiction
A blond woman in a white cutoff shirt and jeans is walking .	A blond woman walks toward the gas station .	neutral
A blond woman in a white cutoff shirt and jeans is walking .	A blond woman walks in light clothing .	entailment
A dog runs through the woods near a cottage .	the cottage is near where the dog is running	entailment
A dog runs through the woods near a cottage .	the dog is chasing after a rabbit	neutral
A man swims in the pool with a child in a life jacket .	The man is in the water .	entailment
A man swims in the pool with a child in a life jacket .	The man is praying inside the church confessional .	contradiction
An old man and lady in a white uniform is standing next to a man in black playing an instrument .	A lady in a white uniform is sitting on a bench outside a hospital , taking a break from work .	contradiction
An old man and lady in a white uniform is standing next to a man in black playing an instrument .	An old man and his nurse are listening to the musician play .	neutral
A woman get some food from under a blue tent .	the dog is eating a banana	contradiction
A woman get some food from under a blue tent .	the lady is getting food for her husband	neutral
A woman get some food from under a blue tent .	the lady is getting food under the tent	entailment
A crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera .	Three girls try to buy candy in a grocery store .	contradiction
A crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera .	There are people facing away from the camera .	entailment
A crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera .	People are turned away from the camera looking at a parade in the street .	neutral
A sunny street with a red building , parked cars , and a man walking down the road .	The sun is reflecting off the windows of the red building .	neutral
A sunny street with a red building , parked cars , and a man walking down the road .	A man is sitting on a park bench .	contradiction
A girl in sunglasses smiles .	Smiling girl wearing sunglasses .	entailment
A girl in sunglasses smiles .	Girl wearing sunglasses smiling at a friend .	neutral
A lady with a purse on his shoulder reaching upward and putting a crown in a statue 's hand .	There is a lady putting a crown on her statue .	neutral
A lady with a purse on his shoulder reaching upward and putting a crown in a statue 's hand .	There is a lady in her bikini swimming .	contradiction
A man carrying a bag from a stick is walking down the sidewalk .	A man is walking to the train station .	neutral
A man spiking the ball at a volleyball game .	The volleyball game is being held on the beach .	neutral
A curly-haired man and a woman in a black tank top both play guitars and sing at a festival .	A man and his daughter are dancing at the festival .	contradiction
A young girl washes an automobile .	The girl has a red bucket of water .	neutral
A young girl washes an automobile .	The girl is driving the car as she washes it .	contradiction
A young girl washing a lime-green car .	A young girl raising money by washing a car .	neutral
A young girl washing a lime-green car .	An old man washing a lime-green car .	contradiction
A young girl washing a lime-green car .	A young girl washing a car .	entailment
A boy and dog are on the lawn outside of the house and in front of the flower bed .	A boy and his dog walk through the lawn looking for toys .	neutral
A boy and dog are on the lawn outside of the house and in front of the flower bed .	A boy and dog play outside .	entailment
A boy and dog are on the lawn outside of the house and in front of the flower bed .	A girl and her mother walk to the car .	contradiction
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him .	The crowd at the park cheer as the large dog catch the Frisbee in its mouth , which is quite impressive .	neutral
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him .	The people at the park are not impressed with the dog playing Frisbee , as misses the catch .	neutral
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him .	There 's a crowd of people at the park , and a big dog gets in into the act , catching a Frisbee in its mouth .	entailment
A man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him .	a man holds a flag	entailment
A man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him .	a man is laying at the beach	contradiction
A man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him .	a man is holding a racing flag	neutral
A young man trying to buy a car from his dealer after his old car was towed away by police .	A man trying to buy a new car from someone .	neutral
A young man trying to buy a car from his dealer after his old car was towed away by police .	A man attempting to purchase another car .	entailment
A young man trying to buy a car from his dealer after his old car was towed away by police .	A person renting a vehicle .	contradiction
A woman huge a fluffy white dog .	The dog is embraced by the woman	entailment
A woman huge a fluffy white dog .	The cat is eating pizza	contradiction
A crowd of people are surrounding a street performance , there are buildings in the background .	A crowd of people are on a street	entailment
A crowd of people are surrounding a street performance , there are buildings in the background .	A crowd of people are riding a train	contradiction
A man speaking to a woman with a stroller in a room with several dinners .	a man speaks to a woman	entailment
A man wearing an apron is smiling at a plate of food .	The woman looked at the food plate and frowned .	contradiction
A man wearing an apron is smiling at a plate of food .	The man is happy by the sight of the food before him .	entailment
A man wearing an apron is smiling at a plate of food .	The food plate was the first meal the man will have today .	neutral
A man in a red shirt is being serviced by a working old woman in a store .	A man in a store .	entailment
A man in a red shirt is being serviced by a working old woman in a store .	A lady waits on a man in the general store .	neutral
A man and woman sit on a dock looking out over the water on an overcast day .	The man and woman are a couple .	neutral
A mother peacefully works on making a beautiful and colorful mat while her son admires her skills .	A mother works peacefully on making a beautiful and colorful mat while her son admires her skills .	entailment
A soldier is holding a gun and crouched down with is mouth covered by a cloth .	A man is holding a gun .	entailment
A soldier is holding a gun and crouched down with is mouth covered by a cloth .	A soldier has his mouth covered by the American flag .	neutral
People of another country are gathered at the farmer 's market .	Some people are assembled at the market .	entailment
A dog running in the sand .	A dog is running outside at the beach .	entailment
A man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign .	A man wearing pants and shirt working on a sign .	entailment
A man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign .	A woman wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign .	contradiction
A man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign .	A sad man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign .	neutral
A woman wearing sunglasses is holding a pink cellphone to her ear .	A woman is talking on her phone with her boyfriend .	neutral
A child does a handstand in a pool .	A small boy is in a pool .	entailment
A child does a handstand in a pool .	A child is playing in a pool .	entailment
Four people sit on a subway two read books , one looks at a cellphone and is wearing knee high boots .	Multiple people are on a subway together , with each of them doing their own thing .	entailment
Four people sit on a subway two read books , one looks at a cellphone and is wearing knee high boots .	Multple people are using the subway to get to work .	neutral
Female sitting in a chair in front of a hazy field .	A woman runs though a field .	contradiction
A woman sits on a bed and puts on her red socks .	A woman is sitting on a bed , taking her socks off	contradiction
A woman sits on a bed and puts on her red socks .	A woman is sitting on a bed .	entailment
A woman sits on a bed and puts on her red socks .	A woman is sitting on her bed , getting dressed for work .	neutral
Lonely woman eats alone again , chatting with her internet boyfriend at a diner .	A woman is eating at a diner .	entailment
Lonely woman eats alone again , chatting with her internet boyfriend at a diner .	An old woman is eating at a diner .	neutral
a young girl in red lifting a girl in blue to the top of a wall and lighting .	The girl is lifting the other girl .	entailment
A man standing on a street in the city playing the accordion .	A man is sitting on a bench .	contradiction
A man standing on a street in the city playing the accordion .	An accordion being played by a man on the street .	entailment
A man and a woman are out walking their dogs .	A man and a woman are out walking their dogs while chatting .	neutral
A man and a woman are out walking their dogs .	A man and a woman are out walking their pigs .	contradiction
City workers in bright yellow and green safety suits haul a stack of traffic cones through the snow and past the tree trunk .	The city workers are sitting under a tree , taking a break .	contradiction
City workers in bright yellow and green safety suits haul a stack of traffic cones through the snow and past the tree trunk .	There has been so much snow that the city had to buy more traffic cones .	neutral
City workers in bright yellow and green safety suits haul a stack of traffic cones through the snow and past the tree trunk .	City workers are moving traffic cones through the snow .	entailment
A man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean 's waves .	A man is surfing out on the ocean .	neutral
A man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean 's waves .	A man is sitting on a beach .	contradiction
A gentleman carrying the 2012 Olympic torch being follow by a car on a people lined street .	a man stole the 2012 olympic torch and runs from a police officer	neutral
A gentleman carrying the 2012 Olympic torch being follow by a car on a people lined street .	a man carries the 2012 olympic torch down a street while a person in a car tries to pass him	neutral
A gentleman carrying the 2012 Olympic torch being follow by a car on a people lined street .	a man carries the 2012 olympic torch while being followed by a car	entailment
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .	a boy on his skateboard	entailment
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .	a boy on his bike	contradiction
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .	a boy on his skateboard he got for Christmas	neutral
A small group of adults and children stand on a cobblestone street outside of an Irish pub .	The small group stands outside on a stone street	entailment
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .	The tiny white car with the Obama bumper sticker was almost hit by the train , however , the car managed to barely avoid the collision .	neutral
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .	The car was nearly hit by a train .	entailment
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .	The people driving the van were tailgating at the stadium .	contradiction
a redheaded lady is reading a book while waiting for the train .	a woman is reading a book .	entailment
a redheaded lady is reading a book while waiting for the train .	a woman is reading a book on her ride home .	contradiction
a man in pants dancing in a park .	A man is in a taxi .	contradiction
a man in pants dancing in a park .	A man is entertaining others with his dance knowledge .	neutral
A man wearing a light blue robe-style jacket is sitting on a street corner playing a musical instrument .	The man was playing the guitar on the street .	neutral
A man wearing a light blue robe-style jacket is sitting on a street corner playing a musical instrument .	The man in the jacket sat on the street playing an instrument .	entailment
An old woman in a green and blue plaid shirt is standing on a crowded sidewalk smiling .	A woman watching a street performer play guitar .	neutral
An old woman in a green and blue plaid shirt is standing on a crowded sidewalk smiling .	A woman in a plaid shirt smiling on a crowded sidewalk	entailment
An elderly woman wearing sunglasses stands and looks at something .	Elderly woman peers at an object .	entailment
An elderly woman wearing sunglasses stands and looks at something .	Young woman stomps on her sunglasses .	contradiction
An elderly woman wearing sunglasses stands and looks at something .	Elderly woman stops to look at a sales window .	neutral
A little girl in a red and white shirt stands next to some caricatures of celebrities at an art fair .	a child with a skirt and red stands in an art fair	entailment
A woman in a pink shirt is painting the last two stars on a painting of the American flag .	The woman is painting	entailment
A woman in a tan top and jeans is sitting on a bench wearing headphones .	A woman is on vacation .	neutral
A woman in a tan top and jeans is sitting on a bench wearing headphones .	A woman is listening to music .	entailment
A woman in a tan top and jeans is sitting on a bench wearing headphones .	A woman at the beach is eating ice cream .	contradiction
Two men , one wearing a white hockey jersey and the other a red hockey jersey , playing hockey on an ice rink .	A rival hockey game is happening .	neutral
Two men , one wearing a white hockey jersey and the other a red hockey jersey , playing hockey on an ice rink .	A hockey game is happening .	entailment
A snow activity enthusiast flips around on a snowy mountain .	A man tries out his new tricks on a ski slope	neutral
A snow activity enthusiast flips around on a snowy mountain .	A lone child makes a snow angel in the snow	contradiction
A snow activity enthusiast flips around on a snowy mountain .	A person enjoying the snow on a mountain	entailment
Two children in a bag race competing against each other while another boy watches on .	The boy watching has a broken leg .	neutral
A man is herding horned cows on a horse .	A person is herding his cattle on his ranch .	neutral
A man is herding horned cows on a horse .	A man is herding sheep .	contradiction
A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers .	A woman squints at the sun and wishes she had her sunglasses .	contradiction
A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers .	A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers as she leaves the minimart and heads home .	neutral
A view from a hidden camera at a low height shows a man and a woman standing under an umbrella mounted on the back of a three wheeled bicycle with a cart on the back .	A man and a woman stand under an umbrella .	entailment
A view from a hidden camera at a low height shows a man and a woman standing under an umbrella mounted on the back of a three wheeled bicycle with a cart on the back .	A husband and wife enjoy their wedding in a church .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt painting a duplicate copy of another painting hanging in an art gallery .	The man is painting something .	entailment
A man in a black shirt painting a duplicate copy of another painting hanging in an art gallery .	The man is painting a copy of the Mona Lisa .	neutral
A group of people is gathered around a table of food with their arms around each other .	A group of people are gather around a meeting room table .	neutral
A group of people is gathered around a table of food with their arms around each other .	A group of people are around a food of table .	entailment
People are waiting in line by a food vendor .	People stand in line for food at a festival .	neutral
People are waiting in line by a food vendor .	People stand in line for food .	entailment
A man and a woman are sitting at a table outside , next to a small flower garden .	The man and woman are on a date .	neutral
A man and a woman are sitting at a table outside , next to a small flower garden .	The man and woman are outside .	entailment
A man and a woman are sitting at a table outside , next to a small flower garden .	The woman is having lunch with another woman .	contradiction
Black dog with tan markings wearing a blue collar standing on green grass .	There is a dog standing in the park .	neutral
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .	A man is ordering a coffee from a barista at a cafe .	contradiction
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .	A man with a blue cap on is performing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd of people .	neutral
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .	A person with a skateboard is performing a trick on a ramp near some people .	entailment
A uniformed competitor in motocross has crossed a jump in the course and is astride his motorcycle in midair , with several young men looking on .	A man is riding a bicycle in the park .	contradiction
A uniformed competitor in motocross has crossed a jump in the course and is astride his motorcycle in midair , with several young men looking on .	A man is performing motorcycle jump across the finish line while his friends cheer him on .	entailment
A small girl wearing a pink jacket is riding on a carousel .	The girl is moving at the speed of light .	contradiction
A young girl with blue and pink ribbons in her braids , without a top and a woman with a white t-shirt and a zebra skirt wading in a public water fountain .	People in a water fountain	entailment
A young girl with blue and pink ribbons in her braids , without a top and a woman with a white t-shirt and a zebra skirt wading in a public water fountain .	A young mother tries to grab her topless child from a water foutain before she attracts attention	neutral
