This church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church .	A choir singing at a baseball game .	contradiction
An old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement .	A man poses in front of an ad .	entailment
An old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement .	A man poses in front of an ad for beer .	neutral
An old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement .	A man walks by an ad .	contradiction
A statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at .	The statue is offensive and people are mad that it is on display .	neutral
A statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at .	There is a statue that not many people seem to be interested in .	entailment
A statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at .	Tons of people are gathered around the statue .	contradiction
A man playing an electric guitar on stage .	A man playing banjo on the floor .	contradiction
A man playing an electric guitar on stage .	A man playing guitar on stage .	entailment
One tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object , while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .	A boy runs into a wall	contradiction
One tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object , while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .	A tan girl runs leans over an object	entailment
One tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object , while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .	A man watches his daughter leap	neutral
A young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet .	A young man and woman take their child to the beach for the first time .	neutral
A young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet .	A family is out at a restaurant .	contradiction
A young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet .	A family is at the beach .	entailment
A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	A couple is sitting on a bench .	contradiction
3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera .	Three people sit by a busy street bareheaded .	contradiction
3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera .	Three hood wearing people pose for a picture .	entailment
3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera .	Three hood wearing people stand in a street .	entailment
A man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting .	The man is climbing a mountain .	contradiction
Three firefighter come out of subway station .	Three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station .	neutral
Three firefighter come out of subway station .	Three firefighters coming up from a subway station .	entailment
Three firefighter come out of subway station .	Three firefighters playing cards inside a fire station .	contradiction
A person wearing a straw hat , standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground .	A person is burning a straw hat .	contradiction
Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy in yellow is rolling on the grass	contradiction
Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass	entailment
Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap .	neutral
A man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side .	a guy near a building stands by two other men	entailment
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .	Some people look visually afraid to jump .	neutral
A man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance .	A man destroys a bike .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance .	A man watches bike repairs .	entailment
A man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance .	A man learns bike maintenance .	neutral
A man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop .	A man is wearing a red shirt	contradiction
A man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop .	A man is in a black shirt	entailment
A man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop .	A man is deciding which bike to buy	neutral
A man looking over a bicycle 's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background .	A person is in a garage .	entailment
A man looking over a bicycle 's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background .	A man waits outside a garage .	contradiction
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child	entailment
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A child wearing a red top is standing on top of a blond headed child	contradiction
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A child wearing a red top is standing behind a pretty blond headed child	neutral
A person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	A lady sitting on a bench in the park .	contradiction
A person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	An old lady pushing a stroller down a busy street .	neutral
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .	A pet is enjoying a game of fetch with his owner .	neutral
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .	A cat washes his face and whiskers with his front paw .	contradiction
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .	An animal is outside in the cold weather , playing with a plastic toy .	entailment
A Ford car is making a right turn as 3 males are walking across the street behind the car .	A car making a right turn had three pedestrians cross behind it .	entailment
A crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	The crowd is calling for help for the people on the roof .	neutral
A crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	The crowd on the ground is watching 3 people on the roof 's edge .	entailment
A crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	Three people are climbing down the ladder on the building .	contradiction
An old woman watches a man look down at some balls on the ground .	Two people are sleeping on the train .	contradiction
A large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street .	A large number of people wearing black walking down the street .	contradiction
A large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street .	A large number of men walking down the street in red and white .	neutral
A large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street .	A large number of people walking on a street .	entailment
A guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars	The man is test driving a motorcycle to decide whether or not he will buy it .	neutral
A guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars	A man is riding a motorcycle .	entailment
A guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars	A man is sitting on a parked motorcycle waiting for his friend .	contradiction
The man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water .	A man in a wetsuit walks out of the water carrying a surfboard .	neutral
The man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water .	a person is walking out of water .	entailment
The man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water .	A man is laying on the beach .	contradiction
A person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall .	A woman paints a portrait of her best friend .	neutral
A person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall .	A woman paints a portrait of a person .	neutral
A person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall .	A woman paints a portrait of a monkey .	contradiction
A woman is painting a mural of a woman 's face .	There is a woman painting .	entailment
A woman is painting a mural of a woman 's face .	There is a woman painting for fun .	neutral
A couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something .	A couple is eating inside at a table and he is pointing at something .	contradiction
Many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The people are having a chat before going into the work building .	neutral
Many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The group of people are n't inide of the building .	entailment
Many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The people are sitting in the hotel lobby .	contradiction
A man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man 's forehead .	The man puts something on the other mans head .	entailment
A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .	A person stares at an empty hill .	contradiction
A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .	A child in a wagon rolls down a hill .	neutral
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house 's raised foundation .	a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house 's raised foundation as construction occurs	neutral
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house 's raised foundation .	a girl is leaning against the wall	contradiction
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house 's raised foundation .	a boy is against the wall of a raised foundation	entailment
A man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them .	A man and woman have mug shots taken because they have been arrested .	contradiction
A man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them .	A man and woman take selfies while a woman walks by and judges them .	neutral
A man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them .	A man and woman take selfies of themselves .	entailment
A bird is flapping its wings on the water .	The duck is swimming in the lake .	neutral
A young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air .	A young boy is playing in the field because his mother kicked him out of the house .	neutral
Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground .	Six or seven people are standing on a pier .	entailment
A person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over .	A person wears a red shirt .	entailment
A person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over .	The person is a woman .	neutral
A person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over .	The person is wearing a green shirt .	contradiction
This child is on the library steps .	The child is on the school steps .	contradiction
This child is on the library steps .	The child is on the steps inside the library .	neutral
a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection .	The boy does n't want to see his reflection .	neutral
An old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside , but are covered mostly in shadow .	An old woman has a light jean jacket .	neutral
An old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside , but are covered mostly in shadow .	An old woman has a jean jacket .	entailment
An old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside , but are covered mostly in shadow .	An old woman has no jacket .	contradiction
Several younger people sitting in front of a statue .	several young people sitting in a school courtyard	neutral
A group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath .	The childs mom is watching her son with her friends .	neutral
The girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .	A woman is eating pasta in a restaurant .	contradiction
The girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .	The lady wearing a jacket is looking for her lost dog .	neutral
A man , woman , and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains .	A family on vacation is posing .	entailment
A man , woman , and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains .	A family is in their car .	contradiction
people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction	People are standing near water with a large blue boat heading their direction .	neutral
people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction	People are waiting in line at the restaurant .	contradiction
Four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor .	Two couples eat food on a kitchen floor .	neutral
Four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor .	Two couples play pool in a bar .	contradiction
Four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor .	A group of people eat food .	entailment
An older man leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building .	An older man leans outside a building	entailment
A person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance .	A person is sitting at a baseball game .	contradiction
A person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance .	Someone is standing near a metro station .	entailment
A person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance .	A person is waiting for a train .	neutral
A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy .	The girl is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival .	neutral
A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy .	The girl in a blue dress is a flower girl at a wedding .	neutral
A frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons .	An angry military veteran watches as people protest the war .	neutral
A frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons .	A man is watching a group of people having a hot dog eating contest .	contradiction
A woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag .	A woman on a bike .	entailment
A woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag .	A woman riding a bike to work .	neutral
A woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag .	A woman driving a car .	contradiction
Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel .	A girl in a red coat makes a snow angel for the first time .	neutral
Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel .	A girl outside plays in the snow .	entailment
A man in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a bag .	A man in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up the old meat he took out of a bag .	neutral
A man in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a bag .	A woman in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a bag .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a bag .	A man in a shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a bag .	entailment
A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower .	A person in red is moving grass on a John Deer motor .	neutral
A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower .	A person in red is cutting the grass on a riding mower	entailment
Group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle .	A group of people go down the road in a convertible .	entailment
A woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror .	The woman is a model .	neutral
A woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror .	The woman has something on her face .	entailment
A large group of people walking in a busy city at night .	People are eating lunch in a restaurant .	contradiction
A woman , in red and white , and wearing glasses , sits in a room with other people .	A woman is sitting in a room with other people .	entailment
A woman , in red and white , and wearing glasses , sits in a room with other people .	A woman is on her phone sitting in a room .	neutral
A woman , in red and white , and wearing glasses , sits in a room with other people .	A man is fixing his car .	contradiction
A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The golden dog is playing ball with another dog outside .	entailment
People are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall .	The people are going up on the escalator .	neutral
A boy is riding down the road between two cows .	A boy rides a horse by two cows .	neutral
A boy is riding down the road between two cows .	A boy , a road and two cows .	entailment
Young woman is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit .	A person drying clothes	entailment
The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing .	The child is riding a swing in the rain .	contradiction
The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing .	The child on the swing is a girl .	neutral
Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing .	People are milling about the city street .	entailment
A man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick .	The man is cooking food .	entailment
A man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick .	The man is in the kitchen of a restaurant .	neutral
A man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick .	The man is washing his car .	contradiction
A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders .	A mother and her son ride bikes with others down a street .	neutral
A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders .	A group of people are changing a bike tire .	contradiction
A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders .	A group of people ride bikes together down a street .	entailment
a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle .	A woman sees a bicycle .	entailment
a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle .	A woman dressed in black shops for a bicycle .	neutral
A man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose .	The man is testing the bike .	neutral
A man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose .	The man is driving a truck .	contradiction
A man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose .	The man is riding a bike .	entailment
A guy and a girl look down a mountain range .	The people look into the sky .	contradiction
A man is sitting in the green chair , talking on the phone , and working on the laptop , and there is construction site next to his building .	The man can hear the construction going on .	neutral
A man is sitting in the green chair , talking on the phone , and working on the laptop , and there is construction site next to his building .	A man can is on the phone .	entailment
A black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb .	A man was wearing a jacket in winter .	neutral
A black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb .	Someone wearing a cotton shirt was looking at a green hair comb .	contradiction
A black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb .	A man was wearing a jacket while holding a comb .	entailment
A man in a brown jacket stands with his arms spread .	The man sits crosslegged on the floor .	contradiction
A man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence .	The man wearing the vest is walking down the street .	neutral
A man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A man is playing an instrument on the street near other people .	entailment
A man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A man is trying to earn money by playing for other people on the street .	neutral
A young boy with close-cropped hair , wearing a red robe , is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it .	a small boy runs through the corn field	contradiction
Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby riding the bus .	contradiction
Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby crossing the street .	entailment
Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk to get home .	neutral
Two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer .	Two people are standing on the grass .	entailment
A woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower .	The woman is a professional photographer	neutral
Several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television .	There are men drinking beer at a sports bar .	neutral
Several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television .	The men are at a baseball game .	contradiction
A woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat ; several paintings are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a large window near her .	There is a person in a room .	entailment
A woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat ; several paintings are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a large window near her .	A woman is asleep while moonlight filters in the window .	contradiction
A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	There are many pedestrians on the city street .	entailment
A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	The pedistrians are waiting for a parade to come through this busy street .	neutral
A group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls .	A group of people are inside watching a hockey game .	contradiction
A group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls .	A bunch of people are in a wooden object on the water .	neutral
A woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A woman is protesting in the street .	neutral
A woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A woman is riding a bicycle .	contradiction
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A man who kidnap a baby is petting a pony .	neutral
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A man with a baby is petting a pony .	entailment
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A man and his daughter are petting a pony .	neutral
A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A black dog wearing a blue collar is chasing something into the water .	neutral
A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A dog is avoiding the water .	contradiction
a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery .	A man is swimming in the ocean .	contradiction
A blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper .	A blond speaks with a group of young dark-haired woman students carrying pieces of paper .	entailment
A blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper .	A man hits on a woman .	contradiction
A young boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water .	A boy is making a sub sandwich in his kitchen .	contradiction
A young boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water .	A boy is in danger of falling into water .	neutral
A young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park .	A guy with a skateboard is looking at a park to skateboard .	entailment
A young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park .	A girl with a ponytail is riding a bike at a park .	contradiction
Young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow .	A young boy is sleeping on a pillow .	entailment
One young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five adults in front of him , one operating a video camera .	Someone recording a young boy as he auditions for a part in a movie .	neutral
A woman , standing behind a girl , helping the girl with an experiment .	A mother is helping her child complete the experiment .	neutral
A woman , standing behind a girl , helping the girl with an experiment .	A woman is helping a girl .	entailment
A lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment , which is most likely related to nurse-work .	A lady is helping another woman work	entailment
One man , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another man , wearing a red jacket .	A woman puts on makeup	contradiction
Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .	A man is wearing a blue shirt .	neutral
A young man in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him .	A man is in front of a camera .	entailment
A white duck expanding its wings in the water .	There is one animal in this picture .	entailment
A white duck expanding its wings in the water .	The duck sleeps soundly , floating on top of the water	contradiction
A woman wearing jeans is walking down the street .	An elderly woman with a cane is sitting on a chair .	contradiction
A woman wearing jeans is walking down the street .	A woman is walking towards a bus stop .	neutral
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	The man and woman are sitting .	entailment
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	The man and woman are standing .	contradiction
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	The man and woman are married .	neutral
A female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building .	The woman has an important meeting today in the building .	neutral
A female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building .	A dog is running up the steps of a building .	contradiction
A female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building .	There are several people outside of a building .	entailment
A woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps .	A person is talking to a child while another person watches .	entailment
A woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps .	A woman watches a mother speak to her young son .	neutral
A carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built .	A man is hammering the final shingle on a roof .	neutral
A carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built .	A workman is helping put a roof on a house .	entailment
A group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear , white water raft down a river .	There are people in an inflatable boat .	entailment
A group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear , white water raft down a river .	The man has fallen out of the boat .	contradiction
A naked man rides a bike .	A man in a suit walking on a sidewalk .	contradiction
A naked man rides a bike .	A naked red haired man on a bike on a busy street .	neutral
Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an `` out of luck '' sign .	people with a dog	entailment
Two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash .	Two homeless men lean against a wall with a dog .	entailment
Two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash .	Two friends sit against a wall with their pet dog .	neutral
A woman doing gymnastics , she is using the balance beam	A woman is using gymnastics equipment .	entailment
A man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat	A man in a hat .	entailment
A blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .	The woman has her hair pulled back in a bun .	neutral
A blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .	The woman is seated on a beach towel .	contradiction
A man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart .	A father is buying his daughter ice cream .	neutral
A man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart .	A couple is eating in a restaurant .	contradiction
A man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart .	People are buying food from a street vendor .	entailment
Three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background .	Some people put something in a boat in a place with more than one boat .	entailment
Villagers pulling in the fish boat .	There are people pulling a boat .	entailment
A crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background .	The crowd of people are shopping at a street market that sells fruits .	neutral
A child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming .	A child is screaming at the person that almost hit her taxi cab .	neutral
A child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming .	A child is inside a car .	entailment
A woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard .	a woman stands with her child	neutral
A woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard .	a woman stands with a child	entailment
A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand .	neutral
A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims nude while a seagull eats his peanut butter sandwich .	contradiction
Here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party .	Some people are by the side of a swimming pool partying .	neutral
Here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party .	Some people are holding beers in the picture .	neutral
A busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives .	The morning rush hour fills the streets with busy people .	neutral
A pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game .	A pitcher is playing baseball at a stadium	entailment
A family walking with a soldier .	A few people walk with a man in uniform .	neutral
A family walking with a soldier .	The barber cuts a man 's hair .	contradiction
A mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge .	A mother and daughter are walking home .	neutral
A mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge .	A mother and daughter are eating spaghetti in a kitchen .	contradiction
A mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge .	A mother and daughter are walking .	entailment
Three workers , with life vests and hard hats , on a boat hanging from cables over water .	Three people are on a boat .	entailment
Three workers , with life vests and hard hats , on a boat hanging from cables over water .	4 fisherman are hanging over the boat , trying to pet the shark	contradiction
A man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks .	a guy with a blue top carries a pack and makes his way through snow	entailment
A man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens .	the man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
A female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition , while spectators line the street .	There are people on the street .	entailment
A man with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A man throws a banana in the air .	contradiction
Dark-haired man wearing a watch and oven mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen .	A man is going to surprise his wife with dinner .	neutral
Dark-haired man wearing a watch and oven mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen .	A man is cooking something to eat .	entailment
A young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , looking for his present .	a child pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box	entailment
A young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , looking for his present .	a child fights a bag , the bag is winning	contradiction
A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A young boy jumps onto his friends sand castle at a playground .	neutral
A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A child is playing in the sand .	entailment
A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A child does a cannonball into a pool .	contradiction
A man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The man is an amish man .	neutral
Elderly woman in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a sidewalk while talking to a woman dressed in black .	The woman balancing a basket on her head is heading to her neighbors house .	neutral
Elderly woman in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a sidewalk while talking to a woman dressed in black .	Elderly woman is balancing something on her head while having a conversation .	entailment
a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip .	The boy is on a science field trip .	neutral
A man has flung himself over a pole with people and canopies in the background .	A guy has hurled himself in the air .	entailment
A man cooking over high flames .	A man is cooking for his friends .	neutral
A man cooking over high flames .	A person is preparing some food .	entailment
A man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time !	A man is cooking with a lot of pots .	entailment
A man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time !	A man is cooking dinner for his family in a bunch of pots .	neutral
A man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time !	A man is cooking with a bunch of ovens .	contradiction
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background .	a man is with another man	entailment
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background .	A man takes a picture of a woman	contradiction
A man is shooting a gun outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A man is shooting a bow and arrow on a rainy day .	contradiction
A man is shooting a gun outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A man is shooting a gun at targets on a nice day .	entailment
A man is shooting a gun outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A man is shooting a gun outside with his friends .	neutral
A man in a black ball cap , black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The man is sitting in front of a school .	neutral
A man in a black ball cap , black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The man is standing in front of a building .	contradiction
A man in a black ball cap , black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The man is in front of a building .	entailment
An elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen .	A person makes dinner .	neutral
An elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen .	A man cleans the kitchen .	contradiction
An elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen .	A woman makes food .	entailment
A group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival .	A man walking on water .	contradiction
A young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie .	The young girl is playing with a race car .	contradiction
A young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie .	The young girl is playing with a toy .	entailment
A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	A long-haired boy riding his skateboard at a fast pace over a stone wall with graffiti .	neutral
A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	A boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall .	entailment
A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	A boy in a green shirt rollerblading through the tunnel .	contradiction
Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	A dog is being chased by a cat	contradiction
Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	a black dog with a toy is being based by a brown dog	neutral
Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	dog is running and being chased by another dog	entailment
A man is sitting on the floor , sleeping .	A man is sleeping on the floor .	entailment
A woman , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	The woman is wearing a prom dress .	contradiction
A woman , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	The woman is a super model .	neutral
A woman , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	A woman in a bikini lays near the water .	entailment
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .	A dog is carrying an object down a grassy side .	contradiction
A group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick .	Tricks are made by a person in a red jacket while people watching him .	entailment
A kid playing a game called The Derby .	The child is playing a game for fun .	neutral
A man is riding a bike along a dirt trail .	The man is riding a horse .	contradiction
A man is riding a bike along a dirt trail .	The man is bike riding .	entailment
A man is riding a bike along a dirt trail .	The man is riding a dirt bike .	neutral
A group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .	A group of men , and women look at fresh romaine lettuce in at the local street market .	neutral
A group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .	A group of dogs look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .	contradiction
A group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them .	Group of people throwing bananas at a market .	contradiction
A group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them .	Group of people being filmed purchasing vegetables for a market 's advertisement .	neutral
An Asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian man is reading the paper .	contradiction
An Asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian man is pushing a cart up the street .	entailment
An Asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian man is selling food .	neutral
A man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat .	Actors who are also martial arts experts face off as opponents with the good guy in brown and black and the bad guy wearing red and a black hat .	neutral
A wet child stands in chest deep ocean water .	A child is in the ocean	entailment
A wet child stands in chest deep ocean water .	The child s playing on the beach .	entailment
A wet child stands in chest deep ocean water .	The child is a boy .	neutral
A man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike .	A tall man is sitting on a swingset in a deserted park .	contradiction
A man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike .	The man in the red helmet is winning his bicycle race .	neutral
A man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike .	A person wearing numbers is using a nonmotorized vehicle .	entailment
A man wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A man in a red cape and a hat with three feathers sits by himself .	contradiction
A tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch .	The man is wearing safety gear on his head .	entailment
a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person .	A man in red is holding out his hand .	entailment
Three children hold a boy 's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him .	The boy holds down his laughing nephew as his sister sprays him with water .	contradiction
Three children hold a boy 's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him .	The three girls hold the boy down while his girlfriend shoots water at him .	contradiction
A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk .	The big dog is playing with a toy .	neutral
A black mother in an orange dress with her two little boys and husband at an outdoor market stand .	A black family selling fresh produce in an outdoor market	neutral
A man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station .	A person is waiting for the train .	neutral
A man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station .	A person is in the subway station .	entailment
A man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station .	A man is taking the bus .	contradiction
Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines ; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The man are putting on their attire before going into the cold weather .	neutral
A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A person is falling off their bicycle .	contradiction
A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A person is in the water .	entailment
An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store .	Black man poses in front of E.S.E. sign after making a purchase at a store .	entailment
An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store .	Man breaks camera in front of liquor store .	contradiction
An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store .	Man takes a picture with advertiser after purchasing their brand of liquor at a store they are promoting .	neutral
A crowd of people are packed into a subway car .	One person sits on a subway car alone .	contradiction
A girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse .	A girl is brushing a horse .	entailment
A girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse .	A girl is brushing a horse after coming back from a ride in the snow .	neutral
A girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse .	A girl is sitting on a park bench holding a puppy .	contradiction
A crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them .	A group of people walk through tear gas .	neutral
A crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them .	A group of people dance in the daytime .	contradiction
A man , wearing a white hate and sunglasses , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A man is sitting on a truck .	entailment
A man , wearing a white hate and sunglasses , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A man is sitting on a truck at a gas station .	neutral
A man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle .	A robber is in a police car .	neutral
A man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle .	A woman is showing her head while riding on a horse	contradiction
A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The horse tripped on a rock .	neutral
A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The horse is riding gallantly through the grass .	contradiction
A person with an orange shovel is shoveling snow .	The rain is pouring in the desert	contradiction
A bare chested smiling child plays in water .	There is a child getting naked in the water .	neutral
A bare chested smiling child plays in water .	There is a naked child in the water .	neutral
A bare chested smiling child plays in water .	There is a topless child playing in the water .	entailment
A man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses .	A man is stealing a lady 's purse at the bank .	contradiction
A man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses .	A man is chatting with a lady .	entailment
A man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses .	A man is talking to a lady about the weather .	neutral
People are standing next to a chain link fence .	The people are at a school .	neutral
A woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A woman is getting up to get some water	neutral
A woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A woman rises from a chair	entailment
Two Asian people cooking on a grill in a park .	The couple are cooking in there home kitchen .	contradiction
Two Asian people cooking on a grill in a park .	A couple are having a picnic in a park .	neutral
A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A dog chases a rabbit .	neutral
A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A man shoots a rabbit .	contradiction
A black dog is digging in the snow .	A dark colored dog digging through the snow	entailment
A black dog is digging in the snow .	A cat running down a beach	contradiction
A girl jumps in the air .	A girl jumping rope on Mars .	contradiction
A girl jumps in the air .	A jump roping girl .	neutral
Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys .	Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys	entailment
Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys .	The man was holding the door for his girlfreind	neutral
Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys .	The man dropped his car keys in the sewer	contradiction
A person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape .	Next to a snowman a person poses for a picture with it .	entailment
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	The kid is riding a bike .	neutral
The big dog is checking out the smaller dog .	A big dog watching over a smaller dog .	entailment
The big dog is checking out the smaller dog .	A mother dog checking up on her baby puppy .	neutral
A man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing business attire .	A man is addressing a group of people .	entailment
A man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing business attire .	A boy is riding a wave on his surfboard .	contradiction
A woman is standing near three stores , two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it .	A woman standing on a street corner outside beside three different stores , two of which contain beautiful artwork and one with a Largo sign .	entailment
A woman is standing near three stores , two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it .	A woman stands outside of two art shops deciding which one to go into on a street corner .	neutral
A woman is standing near three stores , two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it .	A woman sitting next to a stop sign near a rest stop bathroom outside .	contradiction
A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune .	The person is in a race .	neutral
An expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side .	The man is on his cell phone .	neutral
An expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side .	The man is inside the car .	contradiction
A man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side , and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera .	A man holding grapes poses for a painting .	contradiction
A man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side , and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera .	A family poses for a Christmas picture .	neutral
A man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette .	A man is shopping in a grocery store .	neutral
Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street .	A monkey is passing out orange juice in the middle of the forest .	contradiction
Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street .	A person in a polka dot outfit is handing out orange juice behind a caution area .	entailment
Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street .	A woman is wearing a polka dot outfit , in the middle of a dangerous scene , passing out orange juice .	neutral
A light colored dog leaps over a hurdle .	A dog is sleeping on the table .	contradiction
A light colored dog leaps over a hurdle .	A show dog is showing tricks for the judges .	neutral
A woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee .	The woman is chatting with her friend .	neutral
A woman in a yellow skirt is dancing with a man in a white shirt , with another couple dancing in the background .	A woman dances with a man next to another couple dancing	entailment
San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium .	The football game got cancelled and the field is empty .	contradiction
A young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	The person is eating a sandwich .	contradiction
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	A guy is wearing sunglasses .	entailment
Indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	Men are selling food on the sidewalk .	entailment
Indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	Men are buying food on the sidewalk .	contradiction
A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk .	A man walks with his cow .	entailment
A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk .	A man chases his dog .	contradiction
A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk .	A man leads a cow to be milked .	neutral
A man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve .	the man is going to the store	contradiction
Three men in Soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building .	There are people avoiding traffic on a busy New York street .	contradiction
A man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper .	A woman watches as a man reads a paper .	contradiction
A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a woman sleeping in front of a fire	contradiction
A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a woman at a beach	neutral
A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table .	The man watches the other clean a fish .	entailment
A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table .	The man is cleaning the fish that he caught so he can cook it .	neutral
A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table .	The man in an orange shirt watches another man wash dishes .	contradiction
A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag .	A man poses with a woman .	entailment
People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal , and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing .	A group of people looking at a statue .	entailment
People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal , and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing .	A beautiful statue of a man .	contradiction
A plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera .	A plane flies in the sky .	entailment
A man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume .	A man dances with a woman in costume	entailment
A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is at a beach .	entailment
A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is sitting on the sand .	contradiction
A pale colored dog runs through a body of water .	A dog runs through some water to catch a stick .	neutral
A pale colored dog runs through a body of water .	A dog runs through some water .	entailment
A pale colored dog runs through a body of water .	A dog runs through a field .	contradiction
A lady wearing gloves , and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch .	The lady cooks meat	neutral
A lone person is walking in front of a white building .	A single person is sitting at the dentist office waiting his turn .	contradiction
A lone person is walking in front of a white building .	A person walks outside with an umbrella in his hand .	neutral
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum .	The boy is alone in the bathtub on the moon .	contradiction
A man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man , as a woman in a green jacket , black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man .	A man with a cat .	entailment
A man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man , as a woman in a green jacket , black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man .	A man taking his cat with him while running some errands .	neutral
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case .	A lady in a swimsuit checking things out .	entailment
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case .	A naked woman playing piano .	contradiction
A long dark-haired man sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue sky .	A man with short hair dancing outside while playing the flute .	contradiction
An old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The man is confined to bed .	contradiction
An old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The man talks to his son the clown .	neutral
An organ grinder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an older man in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Someone in a helmet and clown makeup is talking to a man in a striped shirt .	entailment
An organ grinder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an older man in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Two men are seated on a park bench , one in clown makeup and the other in a striped polo shirt .	entailment
Mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake .	A mom and a son spending time together on their weekend supervised visit .	neutral
Mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake .	A mom is pouring grape juice on the ground while her son is crying .	contradiction
A young man in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a tree branch .	A man swims across a pool	contradiction
A young man in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a tree branch .	A man trims a tree	neutral
A man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street .	A man plays guitar outside .	entailment
A man is renovating a room .	A man is in a room .	entailment
A man is renovating a room .	A man is laying outside in the grass .	contradiction
A man is renovating a room .	A man is using a hammer in a room .	neutral
A woman in a scarf , laughing , being licked by a dog .	A woman and a dog enjoy time together	entailment
A woman in a scarf , laughing , being licked by a dog .	A woman is scratched by a cat	contradiction
A woman in a scarf , laughing , being licked by a dog .	A woman spends time with her brand new puppy	neutral
Young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city .	A young man is on a farm .	contradiction
Young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city .	A young man is perfoming a good skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area .	entailment
Young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city .	There is a guy performing a skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area .	entailment
A dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees .	a man sitting down builds a tall building and eats a palm tree	contradiction
A dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees .	a man flips his skateboard on a cement surface	entailment
A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	A boy on a skateboard .	entailment
A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	A boy standing upright on a skateboard .	contradiction
A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	A boy on a skateboard riding down the street his house is on .	neutral
A man wearing a graduation cap , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops .	A woman wearing an evening gown is at a party .	contradiction
A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A kid on a bike .	contradiction
A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A woman points at the man she is talking about .	neutral
A person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	There was a woman tip-toeing across the train tracks .	contradiction
A person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	The bridge had train tracks across it .	entailment
A person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	A person jumped off the side of the bridge .	contradiction
A man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	The man in blue is Batman and the man in black is Jonny Cash .	contradiction
A man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	The man in the black suit is planning on robbing the man in blue next to him .	neutral
A man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	A man in a black suit is standing next to a man in a blue outfit .	entailment
A man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go .	A man surfing on the water	entailment
A man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go .	A man milks a cow	contradiction
A boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water .	The young girl gets into the water with her bathing suit .	contradiction
a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow .	A man sips beer on the beach	contradiction
a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow .	A man leaning on a tree	entailment
One woman with jeans , gray shirt and sandals ; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair .	The woman is contemplating buying a new outfit .	neutral
A woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock .	The green clock wears black capri pants in front of the woman .	contradiction
A middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen .	A chef is near a food truck .	neutral
A small Asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat .	A mother and her child ride home from work .	neutral
A small Asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat .	A child and woman are picture .	entailment
a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf .	The woman is dreaming of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop .	neutral
a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf .	A woman buys a ticket at a movie theater .	contradiction
A black man in a knitted , blue cap and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A man showing how to slice a coconut next to a stump to other people going around	neutral
A black man in a knitted , blue cap and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A man drinking coconut water .	contradiction
a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table .	A young lady is sitting at a table .	entailment
a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table .	A young woman is smiling and looking away from the camera .	neutral
a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	A boy is wearing clothes .	entailment
a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	The boy plays a video game .	contradiction
a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	A boy reads a mystery book .	neutral
Elderly people walking down a city street .	The elderly people are swimming in the pool .	contradiction
Elderly people walking down a city street .	The elderly people are walking to a restaurant .	neutral
A man shows off his spider-web face paint .	A young man shows a group of people the black web painted on his face .	neutral
A man shows off his spider-web face paint .	A person shows some people his face painting .	entailment
Man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face .	The man has nothing on his face .	contradiction
Man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face .	The man has his face painted .	entailment
Man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face .	The man has his face painted for a Halloween event .	neutral
Boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him .	A boy in light green pajamas plays .	neutral
A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him .	The young boy is asleep while the woman is watching television .	neutral
A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him .	The older woman behind the young boy is his mother .	neutral
A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him .	The young boy is holding a toy .	entailment
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo .	A girl poses for a selfie with her mother .	contradiction
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo .	A photo is being taken of a man and a baby girl .	entailment
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo .	Bob takes his infant daughter for a family photo .	neutral
Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree .	Some people are attending an outdoor book sale .	neutral
Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two men riding in a car past a brick building .	contradiction
Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two people walking toward a brick building with their mural on its side .	entailment
Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two people walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outside .	entailment
A young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows .	A boy runs across a road in front of an abandoned building .	entailment
A young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows .	A boy sleeps in his bed .	contradiction
A young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows .	A boy is running infront of a building .	entailment
A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas .	The man holding the painting was watching tv	contradiction
A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas .	The man holing the painting is making sure he painted the dog correctly	neutral
A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas .	A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas	entailment
A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city .	A gentleman with no chest hair , wrangles his way through a toilet seat .	entailment
A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city .	A contortionist fits his head and arms through a toilet seat .	entailment
A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A woman walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	contradiction
A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A person walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	entailment
A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A sad man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	neutral
Some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow .	There are men trying to push a car in snow .	entailment
Some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow .	These men pushing the car off a cliff is from a scene in the movie Fargo .	neutral
A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A woman standing on top of a rocky mountain .	contradiction
A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A man sitting on top of a mountain .	entailment
A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A rugged man sits atop a mountain .	neutral
Young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background	There is a fishing boat in the harbor .	neutral
Young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background	A young man and an asian woman are near a dock on a bay .	neutral
A group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture .	A crowd of people are taking a picture outside .	entailment
A group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture .	The group of people are smiling for their family photo .	neutral
A woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter .	A woman is taking a picture .	entailment
A woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter .	The woman is the girl 's mom .	neutral
A woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter .	The girl is on a car .	contradiction
A child stands in a shower with clothes on .	A child 's clothes are full of mud in the shower	neutral
A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A man is riding a motorcycle through a grassy field .	contradiction
A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A man is spraying water on concrete .	entailment
A man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk .	the man and his son were watching a parade	contradiction
A man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk .	a man and a boy were riding bikes through town on the sidewalk	entailment
A man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk .	the man and the boy were in town	neutral
An Asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse .	The woman has a white shirt on .	entailment
A person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain .	A person is looking at the mountain waiting for the right time to climb it .	neutral
A person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain .	A person is playing football at the stadium .	contradiction
A person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain .	A person is situated near a mountain .	entailment
The man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale .	A man is being served a dish in a restaurant .	contradiction
A lone person in a long , black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night , with the text `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A person walks by a cafe .	entailment
A lone person in a long , black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night , with the text `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A man walks by an open cafe named `` Cafe De Flo ''	contradiction
A man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures .	A man sitting on the floor with pictures around him .	entailment
A man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures .	A man sitting on the floor with photographs around him .	entailment
A man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures .	A man sitting on a barren floor .	contradiction
a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class .	A woman in a brown dress is a murderous clown at a birthday party .	contradiction
A young middle eastern mother in high heels , holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A woman holding her sleeping son while walking down the street .	contradiction
A young middle eastern mother in high heels , holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A woman holding her sleeping son is thinking about the future .	neutral
A young middle eastern mother in high heels , holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A woman holding her sleeping son looks out a window .	entailment
A band playing on stage in a club .	A rock band is playing at the 9:30 Club	neutral
A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	The woman is a street performer .	entailment
Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch	Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts	neutral
A man gets a skateboard up on a big rock .	The guy is on a rock with a skateboard .	entailment
A man gets a skateboard up on a big rock .	The rock is on a skateboard .	contradiction
A man is steering his ship out at sea .	A man pilots his boat .	entailment
A man is steering his ship out at sea .	A man is sailing to Cuba .	neutral
An elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the room , a group of people are sitting on chairs .	A woman is sitting in a chair .	entailment
A woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying .	A naked man in a bar .	contradiction
A young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The young boy is on a farm .	neutral
A young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in London .	A young man waits outdoors in London on a bench .	neutral
Rock band on stage immersed in light show .	There is a light show .	entailment
A group of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and handmade signs .	A group of people are standing around with smiles are their faces , and in the background are more people and handmade signs .	entailment
A man in a shirt and tie speaks to a group as an older woman holding a cup of coffee looks on .	The man is eating a taco in the middle of the ocean .	contradiction
A little boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is watching the ocean .	neutral
A little boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is standing in sand .	entailment
A little boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is watching a boat float by .	neutral
Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone .	A man is talking to his wife on the phone .	neutral
Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone .	A man is in his house .	entailment
Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone .	A man is laying on the couch as he talks on the phone .	contradiction
A group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields .	The cops are sitting in a donut shop .	contradiction
A man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave , flipping over in the process .	a man sleeps in bed	contradiction
A male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways .	The man is windsurfing on the ocean .	entailment
A man is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A sad man is using what looks to be a fax machine .	neutral
A man is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A person is using what looks to be a fax machine .	entailment
A man is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A woman is using what looks to be a fax machine .	contradiction
A child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A child is smiling as he watches a clown .	neutral
An Asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags .	An Asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags and he can be seen leaving the store .	neutral
An Asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags .	An Asian man walks his dog on a rainy afternoon .	contradiction
A band performing at a local bar or club .	The band is playing music	entailment
A band performing at a local bar or club .	The band is playing rock music	neutral
A band performing at a local bar or club .	The band is playing music at a large venue	contradiction
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street	neutral
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy swimming in the ocean	contradiction
A man looks at an iPad on a subway , while a beautiful women reads a book .	The man with the ipad is older than the woman reading the book .	neutral
A man looks at an iPad on a subway , while a beautiful women reads a book .	A man and woman are on a boat in the middle of the sea .	contradiction
A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog .	A dog sells a woman a hat .	contradiction
A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog .	A woman sells her wares in a busy market .	neutral
Africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background .	The people are walking in the dirt	entailment
A dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd .	A man in the crowd is wearing his hat backwards .	entailment
A man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool	A man is swimming in an indoor pool .	entailment
A man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool	A boy is swimming in the ocean .	contradiction
An older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	A man on crutches is trying to cross the street .	neutral
An older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	A man with a walking stick is next to the street .	contradiction
A young man , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier .	The young man is a guitar player	entailment
A young man , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier .	The man is playing an acoustic guitar .	neutral
A toddler , sitting next to another girl who is slightly older , is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air .	The bubble machine makes candy .	contradiction
An elderly man talking to a young boy by a table of produce .	the boy was listening to music	contradiction
A longeared dog running in the grass .	A dog runs in the grass .	entailment
A man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches .	The man is street performer .	neutral
A man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches .	The kid is standing on two hands in the street .	contradiction
A child buried in the sand .	The child is swimming at the pool .	contradiction
A child buried in the sand .	The child has sand on him or her .	entailment
A little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach .	The girl is sitting on the beach .	entailment
A little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach .	A young girl enjoys a moment on the beach while she is on vacation .	neutral
A little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach .	The girl runs through the grass outside her school .	contradiction
A man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk .	A man is near a desk and a computer .	entailment
A man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk .	A man in a gray shirt is outdoors .	contradiction
A man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk .	A man in a gray shirt is working on a novel .	neutral
A man is riding a bicycle in the street .	the man is chasing after his daughter	neutral
A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The male rollerblader is skillfully riding the stair railing .	neutral
One man cutting through ice on a cold day .	The man cut the ice wrong .	neutral
One man cutting through ice on a cold day .	The man is cutting through ice .	entailment
One man cutting through ice on a cold day .	The man is running around his house .	contradiction
A laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched , while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	the man bet the other man to eat 40 cookies	neutral
A laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched , while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	the man was laughing at the man who was stuffing his face	neutral
A man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left .	A male has clothes on and is outside walking down the street .	entailment
A man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left .	The man who just purchased a pinstriped suit for a formal dinner did n't notice the poster to his left that shows a man wearing the same suit .	neutral
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A woman sets up a camera to capture pictures of the night sky	neutral
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A woman with a red hat sets up a camera on a tripod	contradiction
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A woman is setting up a camera on a tripod	entailment
A dog and a cow play together inside the fence .	A dog and cow are playing with hay .	neutral
A dog and a cow play together inside the fence .	A dog and cow are outside .	entailment
A dog and a cow play together inside the fence .	A dog and cow are chasing the horse .	contradiction
A young man , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grill .	A young man is grilling food .	entailment
A young man , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grill .	A young man is grilling hotdogs for a Memorial Day party .	neutral
A young man , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grill .	A young man is grilling fish in his underwear .	contradiction
People looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror	People look their reflection in a regular mirror .	contradiction
Three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background .	Four friends at the beach pose in the water .	contradiction
Three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background .	Four friends pose for a photo on their ski holiday .	neutral
Three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background .	Four people pose for an outdoor photo .	entailment
A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert .	A man is watching another man skateboard at a park .	contradiction
A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert .	A man is showing off to his girlfriend while doing tricks on a dirt bike .	neutral
A man spraying water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery .	A machine takes down architecture as a man sprays water on it .	entailment
A man spraying water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery .	A man throws rocks at a wall .	contradiction
A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water .	The demolition vehicle is being operated .	entailment
A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water .	The man is spraying water on the rubble so that it does n't get too dusty as the building is demolished .	neutral
A young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a woman with two blue cars sits in a parking lot	contradiction
A young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a woman rests near her baby	neutral
A young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a girl eats on a bench near a stroller	entailment
A group of people building gingerbread houses .	A man is yelling at his son about the broken television behind them .	contradiction
A young Asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The girl in a pink dress uses an umbrella for a sun shade .	neutral
A young Asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The girl in pink holding an umbrella .	entailment
A young Asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The girl in a blue dress is standing in the rain with an umbrella .	contradiction
A young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors .	the woman is cooking in the kitchen	contradiction
A woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer .	A woman wants a new facebook picture of her at the aquarium	neutral
A boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas tree .	the kid is in front of the tree	entailment
A boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas tree .	the kid is in front of the tree on christmas eve	neutral
A young man wearing a hoodie , pants , and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv .	Man in relaxed clothing lounging in a chair watching tv	entailment
A young man wearing a hoodie , pants , and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv .	Man sitting in a red chair flipping through tv channels .	entailment
A man is laid back in front of a tv .	the man is standing in the kitchen	contradiction
Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A man cooking at home .	contradiction
Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A woman jogging in a park .	entailment
An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan .	A woman is portioning out soup for the workers .	neutral
An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan .	A woman is measuring out wine from a barrel .	contradiction
An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan .	A woman is handling food containers .	neutral
A man in a hard hat , gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a large American flag .	A construction man takes a break to salute the flag .	neutral
A lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background .	A lady is taking pictures at a party .	neutral
A lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background .	A lady uses a camera .	entailment
A lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background .	A lady is filming the party .	contradiction
A man preparing to bat in a baseball game .	The woman is playing baseball .	contradiction
A man preparing to bat in a baseball game .	A man is going to play baseball .	entailment
Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse , rides a scooter down the street .	the girl is riding down a dirt street	neutral
Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse , rides a scooter down the street .	the women rides a scooter down the street	entailment
Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse , rides a scooter down the street .	the girl is wearing a black dress and a blue purse	contradiction
A woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis .	A woman is wearing a silk shirt .	neutral
A woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis .	A woman is wearing a shirt .	entailment
A nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	A nighttime scene of an apartment building .	contradiction
A female marathon runner wearing a red headband , a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road .	two women arm wrestle in a bar	contradiction
A female marathon runner wearing a red headband , a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road .	a woman runs quickly down a road	neutral
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting .	A dad took his child to a museum to see a famous painting .	neutral
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting .	A male has clothes on with his hand holding another young male in front of a painting .	neutral
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting .	A dad and his kid is fishing in the middle of the Pacific ocean .	contradiction
A group of people in black outfits drinking beer .	People drink beer at the pub .	neutral
A man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car .	A man stands on his tip toes in front of two people .	entailment
A man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car .	A short man stands on his tip toes in front of two people .	neutral
An elderly woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself .	A woman is walking past a brick wall .	entailment
A woman in an apron is looking for bread .	A woman is looking for bread in her kitchen cupboards .	neutral
A woman in an apron is looking for bread .	A woman is talking on the phone in her bedroom .	contradiction
A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	A boy is pushing the scooter .	contradiction
A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	A girl is pushing a scooter .	entailment
A child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain .	A child sits next to a storm drain .	entailment
A child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain .	A child is sitting next to a computer desk .	contradiction
A man is playing drums with a band .	A man is playing at the music festival .	neutral
A man is playing drums with a band .	A man is singing with a band .	contradiction
A couple walking down the street .	A couple dancing to music	contradiction
A woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A woman lays on a pool float .	contradiction
A girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air , while she is in the forest .	The girl is jumping in the air , while she is at the beach .	contradiction
A dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them .	A woman picks a flower out of a bucket .	entailment
A dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them .	A woman picks a flower for her mother .	neutral
A dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them .	A man writes in a journal .	contradiction
A young couple sitting in a black chair smiling .	Two young people sit in a black chair happily .	entailment
A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people .	A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse give candy to people .	contradiction
Pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips , and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture .	A smiling man with his pink spring trees .	neutral
Pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips , and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture .	A person surrounded by spring trees .	entailment
A man standing alone in a park .	a man alone in the park	entailment
A man standing alone in a park .	a man alone in the park up to no good	neutral
A man with long red-hair , a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market .	A man has long red hair	entailment
A woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat .	A woman is holding a stuffed animal .	entailment
A child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door .	A kid looks out of a window .	contradiction
A child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door .	A child is being held by his mother at the mall .	contradiction
A child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door .	A blond haired kid looks through his front door at the mailman .	neutral
A couple about to kiss somewhere .	A couple is throwing food at passing cars .	contradiction
A couple about to kiss somewhere .	A couple is going to kiss .	entailment
A man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing , as children are swinging on a swing set .	The man in the black hat is sitting on a park bench watching the kids swing .	contradiction
A man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing , as children are swinging on a swing set .	The man in the black hat is about to jump off the swing to impress the kids .	neutral
A man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing , as children are swinging on a swing set .	A man in a black hat is swinging with some children .	entailment
A man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street .	A man is painting New York City .	neutral
A man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street .	A man is painting outside .	entailment
A man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street .	A man is painting some dolphins .	neutral
A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail .	A train conductor is standing in a door .	entailment
A young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront , dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols .	The young white girl is sitting by the sidewalk .	contradiction
A young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront , dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols .	The young white girl is standing on a street while it 's sunny outside .	neutral
A man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street .	The man is running down the street .	contradiction
Five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their own string instrument .	The people are seated next to a building .	contradiction
Two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains .	Two people are hiking up a mountain .	contradiction
Two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains .	Two people are in a bike race .	neutral
A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill .	A woman is climbing a mountain .	contradiction
A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill .	A woman is skiing down a hill in Colorado .	neutral
The man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building .	A guy is doing skateboard tricks outside a building to promote a movie .	neutral
A lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks .	people were chasing the white dressed angel	contradiction
A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady with matching pink bag and blouse reaches toward man next to her .	entailment
A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle .	A tall woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera	neutral
A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle .	A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera	entailment
A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle .	A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses eats the camera	contradiction
Two men are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniform .	Two men enjoy a nice canadian maple syrup on their pancake breakfast .	contradiction
Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle , a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture .	There are twelve police cars in the photo .	contradiction
Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle , a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture .	The six people are all police .	neutral
Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle , a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture .	There are two police vehicles in the photo .	entailment
A group of swimmers jump into a pool .	A group of swimmers jump into a pool during a swim meet .	neutral
A man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects .	A man in a white turban holds an empty basket .	contradiction
A brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other .	A lady is eating sushi at her desk .	contradiction
A man scales a rock climbing wall .	A man rock climbing after nearly falling to his death .	neutral
A man scales a rock climbing wall .	A man rock climbing .	entailment
A man scales a rock climbing wall .	A man reading a book .	contradiction
Two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot , at night .	A couple cops keep an eye on the parking lot .	entailment
A woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling .	A mother and daughter are chatting .	neutral
A gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress .	The man is sitting on the curb with a woman .	contradiction
A gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress .	A man on the steps is being photographed by a girl .	entailment
A gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress .	The woman is taking the man 's photo for a magazine .	neutral
Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain .	The man in the yellow jacket is having fun .	neutral
Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain .	The man is sitting on a chair in his house .	contradiction
A woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building .	The woman is wearing a dress .	entailment
There are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them .	A happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch date at the park .	contradiction
Four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts .	Four men and a young boy are at the lake swimming .	contradiction
Four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts .	The group of men are teaching the boy how to make wood crafts .	neutral
Four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts .	Five total people are near a table with objects on it .	entailment
A man leads the way in a race .	The man is last place in the race .	contradiction
A motocross rider rides in the air over a bar .	A girl rides a scooter through the grass .	contradiction
A man in a black hat , standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing .	The man in playing a bango inside a bar .	contradiction
A man in a black hat , standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing .	A man is playing a guitar outside .	entailment
A guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark	A guy riding a skateboard .	entailment
A guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark	A guy riding a skateboard in the rain .	neutral
A biker with a blue jacket , black pants , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .	A person is driving in front of other people .	entailment
A biker with a blue jacket , black pants , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .	A race car driver is doing laps in front of other people .	contradiction
Some elderly people are playing instruments in a park .	The old man is playing the guitar .	neutral
Some elderly people are playing instruments in a park .	A group of old people are outdoors playing music .	entailment
Some elderly people are playing instruments in a park .	The old people are sleeping in the living room .	contradiction
A child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	An old person in a field of poppies .	contradiction
A boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats .	people are at a nascar race	contradiction
A boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats .	people are starting and leaving a fishing boat tour	neutral
A bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .	A scooter rider wearing casual clothes races past a building .	contradiction
A bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .	A bike rider wearing racing gear pedals a bike past the fence .	entailment
A white male in and office setting , wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling .	the man brought his horse to the office .	contradiction
A white male in and office setting , wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling .	the man works in the office .	neutral
A white male in and office setting , wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling .	the man is in an office .	entailment
A male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball .	The male has at least one prosthetic leg .	entailment
A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue .	A group of people does n't care about the stadium they are sitting in .	entailment
A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue .	A group of people are unhappy to be at the stadium .	neutral
An old man with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	A tall person with a hat	neutral
An old man with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	A person with a hat	entailment
A man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called Wilbert .	A man approaches a woman 's house on business .	neutral
A young man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .	An old man rides a skateboard .	contradiction
A young man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .	A person rides a skateboard well .	neutral
A young man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .	A person rides a skateboard .	entailment
A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car .	The man and the boy are buying shoes .	contradiction
A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car .	The little boy and the man sit behind the car 's steering wheel .	entailment
A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car .	The man behind the wheel is teaching the boy about cars .	neutral
A girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute	The country road has a walker wearing green .	entailment
A girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute	A gil runs down the road with her cat .	contradiction
A white man taking a photo in front of water .	A man is taking a wedding photo in front of a pond .	neutral
A white man taking a photo in front of water .	A man is in front of water .	entailment
A man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch .	There is one man in this picture , and he is outside .	entailment
A man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch .	The man is sipping an ice tea in the shade of a huge maple tree .	contradiction
A man wearing blue pants , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair , against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud .	The sky is blue with a single puffy cloud .	entailment
Picture of two men playing in a band , one playing the drums and one playing a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	A man is playing the trumpet on the street corner .	contradiction
Very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The water sprays on the boy .	neutral
Very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The boy is standing near a water fountain .	entailment
The white dog runs across the snow .	The dog was indoors by the fire .	contradiction
The white dog runs across the snow .	The dog was a husky .	neutral
A person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road .	The person is riding there bike to lunch .	neutral
A woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street .	A woman dancing in the street .	contradiction
A group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outside posing for a picture , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	A group of people holding cats take a picture .	contradiction
A group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outside posing for a picture , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	A group of people are part of a dog lover 's group .	neutral
A blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it .	A blond woman is holding a camera and looking at a wall with several pieces of sharks on it .	contradiction
A blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it .	A woman is helping her friend take a picture .	neutral
A blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it .	A woman is looking at a camera .	entailment
Using a soccer ball for support , a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A child is playing in the park .	entailment
Using a soccer ball for support , a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A girl is inside playing a board game .	contradiction
Soccer players are playing a night game and the ball is in the air , while the two teams fight for it .	The sun was shining during the soccer match .	contradiction
A man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event .	The two men are wearing surfer shorts and tank tops .	contradiction
A man draws a caricature of a woman .	A man painting a car .	contradiction
A man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone .	The man is eating chocolate ice cream .	neutral
A man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone .	The man is eating sushi in his bathtub .	contradiction
people standing at a beach with Cameras .	A group of people standing at a beach filled with cameras .	neutral
A man and woman setup a camera .	A man and woman prepare to record a scene	neutral
A man and woman setup a camera .	A man and woman working on a washing machine	contradiction
Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two children are looking at a city street through binoculars .	contradiction
Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two children are looking through a telescope together at a city street .	entailment
Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two children are testing out their new telescope and seeing what they can see on the street .	neutral
A young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair .	A young child is visiting the beach with his family on their summer vacation .	neutral
A young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair .	There is one child in this picture .	entailment
A young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair .	A young child is swinging on a swing set at his local city park .	contradiction
A man stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A man stands near a load of boxes on fire .	contradiction
A man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street .	The man is wearing nothing but a t shirt .	contradiction
A man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street .	The man just went shopping at the grocery store .	neutral
A man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street .	The man is wearing a jacket .	entailment
Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People stand outside of the building , awaiting the all clear after a fire drill .	neutral
A girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle .	Someone pours water into a bottle	entailment
A girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle .	A girl pours water into an empty coca cola bottle	neutral
A girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle .	A girl pours water into the ocean	contradiction
A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The man is fixing a bike .	contradiction
A man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor .	a man sits on the floor	contradiction
A man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor .	a guy in brown jumps up in a room with a wood floor	entailment
Women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market .	The fresh food market is closed .	contradiction
Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the woman reading book in the hall	neutral
Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the woman holding book and yellow paper star with smiling	entailment
Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the woman holding book with smiling in the home	neutral
A young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her .	The young girl is wearing a red shirt .	entailment
A shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller .	A man is painting a wall .	entailment
A shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller .	A man is scrubbing graffiti off the wall .	contradiction
A shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller .	A shirtless man paints a wall red .	neutral
A man on a bicycle , wearing cycle gear , riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree 's and grass .	The man is riding on the sidewalk .	neutral
A group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate .	A group stands on the street in front of a brick wall .	entailment
A group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate .	A group of friends poses for a picture in front of a brick wall .	neutral
A man , wearing a cap , is pushing a cart , on which large display boards are kept , on a road .	A man is buying a lottery ticket .	contradiction
A man , wearing a cap , is pushing a cart , on which large display boards are kept , on a road .	The man is pushing a cart down the road .	entailment
A man and a woman running in the street .	The man and woman are running in a marathon .	neutral
A man and a woman running in the street .	The man and woman are outdoors .	entailment
A man and a woman running in the street .	The man and woman are walking .	contradiction
A woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books .	The woman is in a library .	neutral
A small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season .	The town has snow on the ground .	neutral
Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a woman waits .	Young boy has many toy trucks	neutral
A man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side .	The man is wearing the costume .	entailment
A man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side .	The costume is promoting the man 's work .	neutral
A person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The person is moving her hand .	entailment
A person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The person is alone in the middle of the ocean .	contradiction
A person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The person is marching in a parade .	neutral
Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill .	Men on bikes go over a sand hill to get to the finish line .	neutral
Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill .	Men on bikes go over a sand hill .	entailment
A man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the photographer , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple are having their wedding picture taken .	neutral
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A dog returns a toy to its owner .	neutral
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A white dog stole a toy .	contradiction
A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse .	A boy rides a horse .	entailment
A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show .	A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing sobs relentlessly as he views a show .	contradiction
A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show .	A man is laughing as he watches a show in a theater .	neutral
A man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm .	A man is raising his arm to get someones attention .	neutral
A man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm .	A man is raising his arm .	entailment
A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A man rides a white horse while wearing a cowboy hat and a another horse rides beside him .	contradiction
A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A motorcycle and a van ride next to each other .	entailment
A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance .	neutral
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it .	The burning blue building smells of smoke	entailment
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it .	The red truck is a fire truck .	neutral
A lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean .	A woman is a good surfer .	neutral
A lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean .	A woman is surfing in her pool .	contradiction
A man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow .	A man is walking on sunshine .	contradiction
A man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow .	A man is digging the snow outside .	entailment
Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football .	Two people play flag football .	entailment
Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football .	Two people play baseball .	contradiction
Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football .	Two people on oposite teams play flag football .	entailment
A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football .	Two people are playing flag football at the park .	neutral
A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football .	Two people are playing flag football .	entailment
A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football .	Two people are enjoying ice cream .	contradiction
A man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses .	a guy with a hat sits with a glass	entailment
A woman in a striped shirt holds an infant .	A woman holds her baby .	neutral
a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument	A man and woman collect money for playing .	neutral
a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument	A man and woman make music .	entailment
A woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background .	The people are on a family picnic .	neutral
A woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background .	The people are swimming in the lake .	contradiction
A girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	There is a girl holding a beer bottle .	entailment
A girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	A girl with short hair and a blue shirt is holding a beer bottle	contradiction
A girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	The girl has just got down drinking the whole bottle .	neutral
A woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside .	There 's a lady with ginger hair	entailment
A woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside .	A lady is sitting at a table outside	neutral
A kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool .	The child slides into the pool .	entailment
A kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool .	The kid is riding a bike .	contradiction
An older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars .	An old man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper that is full of clothes on his handlebars .	entailment
An older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars .	A man is on his bike with a laundry hamper .	entailment
An older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An old woman is in a kitchen .	entailment
An older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An old woman is frying chicken .	contradiction
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree .	There is a boy in a tree .	contradiction
A man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it .	A man sits near a table with his drinks	neutral
A man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it .	A woman sits on a table	contradiction
A man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it .	A man sits outside by a table	entailment
A high school band getting ready to perform .	A high school band eating spaghetti on Pluto .	contradiction
A high school band getting ready to perform .	A high school band prepares to play in front of a large crowd .	entailment
A high school band getting ready to perform .	A high school band prepares themselves to put on a musical performance .	entailment
there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain	A man is standing by himself , playing guitar on the sidewalk .	contradiction
Five people standing on a stage , getting ready to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting .	In a dim room , several actors who can barely see each other , are getting ready to act .	entailment
A man with ski poles and a large camping backpack treks through the snow .	A man is trekking through the snow with ski poles .	entailment
A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street .	A woman sits in her apartment in her pajamas with the blinds closed .	contradiction
A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street .	A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants is looking at her neighbors below her window .	neutral
A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street .	A woman wearing a tank top and pants looks through some glass .	entailment
It is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A man holds a big flag .	neutral
It is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A man holds a flag .	entailment
It is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A man hugs his mother and leaves for war .	contradiction
Two dirt bike riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two dirt bike riders are outside	neutral
Two dirt bike riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two dirt bike riders are practicing new tricks	neutral
Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the sidewalk .	Two friends holding cotton candy smile at each other .	neutral
Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the sidewalk .	Two friends eat pizza at a diner .	contradiction
Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the sidewalk .	Two women with cotton candy smile .	entailment
Two people are riding at once on one single bicycle .	Two people riding on a bicyle down a small dirt road .	neutral
Two people are riding at once on one single bicycle .	Two people playing chess at a park .	contradiction
A man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road passing several junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road .	A man is making a cross country trip on his motorcycle .	neutral
A man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road passing several junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road .	A man is walking on the sidewalk .	contradiction
The people await to cross the street while walking the dog .	people are with a dog	entailment
The people await to cross the street while walking the dog .	people are at home watching tv	contradiction
A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track .	The camera is being thrown by the girl	contradiction
A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track .	A camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants and yellow t shirt	neutral
A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track .	A camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants	entailment
Bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street .	The statue was standing in the garage .	contradiction
Bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street .	A statue is in the middle of the street .	entailment
One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket , while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building .	One person kneels before zod in the oval office .	contradiction
One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket , while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building .	One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket ready to puke .	neutral
One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket , while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building .	One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket . .	entailment
A group of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them .	two people drive a boat	contradiction
A group of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them .	people sit around a table	entailment
A man visiting a friend in the hospital .	A man and a patient in a hospital room .	entailment
A man visiting a friend in the hospital .	A man in a hospital receives a visiting friend .	entailment
A man visiting a friend in the hospital .	A man sits on a hospital roof .	contradiction
An older man wearing stars and stripes rides a bike .	The man wearing stars and stripes on a bike is in a parade .	neutral
An older man wearing stars and stripes rides a bike .	An old man rides a bike .	entailment
A man on a bicycle rides past a park , with a group of people in the background .	A guy rides past the park .	entailment
A man on a bicycle rides past a park , with a group of people in the background .	A guy rides his bike in the middle of a park .	contradiction
A man on a bicycle rides past a park , with a group of people in the background .	A guy misses the park and passes by it .	neutral
A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A girl rides his skateboard at the park .	contradiction
A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A child rides his skateboard at the park .	entailment
A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A sad boy rides his skateboard at the park .	neutral
A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	The dog is fetching his toy that his master threw into the surf .	neutral
A kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside .	His face is painted to look like a tiger .	neutral
A kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside .	The kid is laying in a pool .	contradiction
A kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside .	A kid has a painted face .	entailment
A man wearing a black beret , black coat , and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd	A man in black takes a picture of a fountain .	neutral
A man wearing a black beret , black coat , and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd	A bird steals a bag of chips from a store .	contradiction
A man wearing a black beret , black coat , and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd	A photographer dressed in black takes a picture .	entailment
A woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing .	The woman is eating dinner at a restaurant .	contradiction
A woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing .	The woman posing is a famous model .	neutral
A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows .	A brunette lady wearing a blue shirts is painting the two windows she sees .	entailment
A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows .	A woman is painting .	entailment
A young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine .	A young man is at the bowling alley .	entailment
A local street in an Arabic country where there is a market selling Coca-Cola .	A crowded street where people are buying soft drinks and other items .	neutral
A local street in an Arabic country where there is a market selling Coca-Cola .	A market is selling soft drinks in an Arabic country .	entailment
A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .	A man wearing a bathing suit is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .	contradiction
A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .	A woman wearing a striped wrap is looking at the camera .	entailment
A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .	A woman wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .	neutral
A man is installing a roof .	A man is on top of a building .	entailment
A man is installing a roof .	A man is putting a roof on a beach house .	neutral
A man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	A man is riding on top of a camel .	contradiction
A man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	A guy is next to a dog while holding some musical instruments .	entailment
A woman in skirt , torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street .	The man and woman are going to a movie in the city .	neutral
A woman in skirt , torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street .	A woman dances with a man in a busy club .	contradiction
A woman in skirt , torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street .	A man and woman walk down a city street .	entailment
A young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete .	The man breaks his skateboard	contradiction
A young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete .	A man has a skateboard	entailment
A young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete .	The man has a colorful skateboard	neutral
A man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin .	a cow chews grass	contradiction
A man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin .	a man plays guitar	entailment
A man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him .	there are people in a house taking pictures	neutral
A boy on a bicycle in midair	A boy is sailing on a boat .	contradiction
A boy on a bicycle in midair	A boy is falling off his bike .	neutral
Three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	Five people are standing by a staircase .	entailment
A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A cat is playing at the park .	contradiction
A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A dog is on the beach .	entailment
A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats .	A man in a black t-shirt and shorts is hiking up a mountain .	contradiction
A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats .	People in blue hard hats watch as a man in a white shirt and shorts rock climb .	entailment
A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats .	A man in a whit shirt and shorts is rock climbing at a very very slow pace .	neutral
A man in a brown shirt and a white baseball cap uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants .	A man watering a bonsai tree .	contradiction
A man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children .	A boy is attending a club meeting .	contradiction
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .	A girl is petting her dog .	contradiction
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .	A girl is showing affection towards a cat .	entailment
A man playing a piano	A man is playing a black piano .	neutral
A man playing a piano	The man 's hands are on the keys of a piano .	entailment
little girl posing for a picture .	The boy is posing for a picture .	contradiction
little girl posing for a picture .	The child is posing for the photographer .	entailment
little girl posing for a picture .	The child is getting her school pictures taken .	neutral
A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it .	A man plays a piano .	entailment
A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it .	A man plays the clarinet for his family .	contradiction
A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it .	A man plays a piano for his family .	neutral
A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons .	The couple is trying to figure out who the person across the street is who is holding the camera .	contradiction
Fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage .	The man is studying quietly in the house .	contradiction
A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is wearing a jacket .	entailment
A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is raisingin his hand to answer a question in his class .	neutral
A man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd .	A man is running away from police .	contradiction
A man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd .	A man is touching other people in a crowd .	entailment
Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .	A dog is sitting on a table .	contradiction
A man waiting for the bus in a war torn country .	A man is waiting for a bus sitting on a bench .	neutral
A man waiting for the bus in a war torn country .	A man is waiting for a bus in Iraq .	neutral
A man waiting for the bus in a war torn country .	A man is waiting for a bus on mars .	contradiction
A gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof .	Two men are sitting on the grass next to a car .	contradiction
A group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other .	A group of people are playing baseball .	contradiction
A group of people on the bark , brightly lighten street , while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows .	The people are walking down the street .	entailment
A group of people on the bark , brightly lighten street , while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows .	A group of friends heads down the street to a birthday party .	neutral
Several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor .	The people are eating ice cream at Dairy Queen .	contradiction
Several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor .	There are a lot of people looking for a certain book at the local Barnes and Noble .	neutral
A father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in American colors .	two people ride a lawn mower outside	entailment
A father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in American colors .	two men cut grass by hand	contradiction
Shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut .	A man without a shirt is on the water .	entailment
Shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut .	A man without a shirt is on a river .	neutral
A couple has been photographed through a gap in the fence while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is standing next to a cake .	contradiction
A couple has been photographed through a gap in the fence while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is sitting near water .	entailment
A woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks .	A woman is running in a park .	contradiction
A woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks .	A woman is walking down a busy street in Tokyo .	neutral
A woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks .	A woman is walking down a busy street .	entailment
A man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks .	a man in green shirt	entailment
One girl sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles .	A girl drinks a soda on the street	entailment
One girl sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles .	A girl drinks a soda on the street in front of people	neutral
A man holds a rope for a boy who 's about to climb a wall .	There is a man climbing as the boy holds the rope	contradiction
A man holds a rope for a boy who 's about to climb a wall .	There is a man holding a long rope for a boy climbing outdoors	neutral
A man smiles while he shaves the head of another man .	A man is donating hair to a charity for cancer patients .	neutral
A man smiles while he shaves the head of another man .	A guy is cutting another man 's hair .	entailment
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .	A dog waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .	contradiction
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .	A man waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .	neutral
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .	A person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background .	entailment
A person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	The person is a vampire avoiding the sun .	contradiction
A woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator .	A woman sits beside the escalator .	contradiction
A woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator .	A woman is walking to the escalator at a sporting event .	neutral
A woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator .	A woman walks to an escalator .	entailment
A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard .	A man is holding a dog standing in front of a chalkboard .	contradiction
A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard .	A man is holding a book about fossils , standing in front of a chalkboard .	neutral
A woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone .	The woman is playing a game on her cellphone .	neutral
A woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone .	The woman is walking her cat .	contradiction
A motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path .	The person is riding a motorcycle	entailment
Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .	the people are running through fire	contradiction
A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a man in a green shirt .	contradiction
A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a man that is good at music .	neutral
A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a man wearing a pink shirt .	entailment
A man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask .	A clad in denim person works is working on a bridge outdoors .	entailment
A man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask .	The man wearing an blue jumpsuit is doing construction on a bridge work while whistling .	contradiction
A man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask .	The man in jeans is standing on a bridge working on a outside while listening to music .	neutral
People are waiting in line to board a double decker bus .	German tourists are waiting in line to board a bus .	neutral
A man looking out of his window .	A man enjoys the sun coming through the window .	neutral
A man looking out of his window .	A man looks out his window .	entailment
A man looking out of his window .	A man takes a nap in the dark room .	contradiction
A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The boy is not in a pool .	contradiction
A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The boy is in swimming clothes .	neutral
A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The water in the pool is being splashed .	entailment
A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .	A boy is playing in the swimming pool .	entailment
A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .	A boy is playing in his new swimming pool .	neutral
A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .	A boy is splashing others at the beach .	contradiction
A young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	A man is lighting a fire under the beaker as part of his demonstration to the girl .	contradiction
a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it .	a child plays outside next to a christmas tree	neutral
a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it .	a child cuts down a christmas tree	contradiction
Two people sitting on the sand .	There are two people at the beach .	neutral
A man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room .	The man is wearing a red shirt .	contradiction
A man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room .	The man is cleaning his clothes .	neutral
A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face .	A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes wide open .	neutral
A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face .	A woman in a shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face .	entailment
A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face .	The woman is standing with her hand over her mouth .	contradiction
A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle .	A boy prepares a camp fire spot to make his dinner .	neutral
A woman rests her head on a man 's shoulder .	Woman resting her head on man 's shoulder	entailment
A child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it .	a dog eats his food	contradiction
A child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it .	a child likes the dress	neutral
A child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it .	a child holds a dress	entailment
A man laughing while at a restaurant .	A man crying while at a restaurant .	contradiction
A man laughing while at a restaurant .	A man laughing while at a restaurant eating .	neutral
An older man in a printed shirt , smoking on a busy street .	A woman is sitting in a restaurant .	contradiction
An older man in a printed shirt , smoking on a busy street .	A man is smoking on a street .	entailment
A man wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top .	The woman is the man 's wife .	neutral
A person on blue pants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass .	a person walks a way from a dirt circle	entailment
A view of bicyclists on a city street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes .	Bumper to bumper automobile traffic clogs the street .	contradiction
A man in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a small green rowboat with green oars , in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dried grasses .	The man is fishing in the lake .	contradiction
A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .	A young woman in a black skirt is walking next to nearby shops .	entailment
A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .	A young woman is eating in a fine restaurant .	contradiction
A boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area .	The boy and girl are inside	contradiction
A boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area .	The boy and girl are playing together	entailment
A boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area .	The boy and girl are outside	entailment
A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building .	A young man working in the snow .	neutral
A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building .	A man working in the snow .	entailment
A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building .	A young woman working in the snow .	contradiction
A man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports .	A man is repairing a car .	neutral
A man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports .	A man reaches into a car .	entailment
A man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports .	A man reaches into a boat .	contradiction
A group of people , one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse , wait to board a large white and blue bus .	A dog is driving the bus .	contradiction
A group of people , one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse , wait to board a large white and blue bus .	A group of people wait at a bus stop as a large white and blue bus stops .	entailment
A group of people , one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse , wait to board a large white and blue bus .	The people are waiting outside of an airport to board the bus .	neutral
Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset .	people are swimming in ocean water	contradiction
Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset .	two people paddle their boat on the ocean	entailment
Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset .	two people paddles a canoe on the ocean	entailment
A rally in a different country .	A big rally in a different country .	neutral
A rally in a different country .	A rally in a seperate country .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch .	A tall person in shirt	neutral
A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch .	A person in a shirt	entailment
A musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth .	The man is in a heavy metal band .	neutral
A child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain .	The child is getting wet from the fountain .	neutral
A child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain .	The child has a green shirt .	contradiction
A man wearing a welding mask working on a duct .	The man 's head is partially obscured .	neutral
A man wearing a welding mask working on a duct .	The man is working underneath a vehicle .	contradiction
A man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	the man is a model	neutral
A boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods .	A boy in orange rides his fathers dirt bike .	neutral
A boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods .	A boy in orange rides his dirt bike .	entailment
Man straining to climb cliff face .	Man reaching up to secure a handhold on the cliff face .	neutral
A man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him .	The woman is sitting in the chair next to the podium .	neutral
A man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away .	A man is looking at the camera for a photo with his arm around a lady who is looking away .	entailment
A man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away .	The man is looking at the camera .	entailment
A man with his arm around a woman .	The woman and man are smiling .	neutral
A man with his arm around a woman .	A man is with a woman .	entailment
A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree .	A person is trimming a tree .	neutral
A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree .	A person is messing with a tree .	entailment
A man dressed in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an U.S. flag attached in the rear .	A casually dressed man admiring an antique car .	entailment
A dog chasing a duck in a pond .	A dog and a duck are outside .	entailment
A dog chasing a duck in a pond .	A dog is swimming through a pond in pursuit of a duck .	entailment
A man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle .	The man speeds along the street .	neutral
A girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	Cat and dog fighting on a boat .	contradiction
A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods .	The little boy is hitting the girl .	neutral
A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods .	The little girl is consoling the boy .	neutral
The gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder .	The young lady that the gentleman is speaking to is his daughter .	neutral
A man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A man in a shirt juggles .	entailment
A man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A man in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple .	neutral
A man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A man in a green shirt juggles a bear .	contradiction
Am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street , past a large brick building .	A clown rides a tall bike in a parade .	neutral
Am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street , past a large brick building .	A man rides a bike outside .	entailment
Am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street , past a large brick building .	A dog rides a bicycle down the street .	contradiction
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	A man is playing in the snow .	contradiction
A little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .	The boy in black and red is walking down the beach .	contradiction
Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .	The boy is going to school .	neutral
Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .	The boy has a green and purple shirt .	contradiction
A guy in a yellow shirt performs a balancing act on a taught chain near a canal .	A boy is watching a movie in his living room .	contradiction
A guy in a yellow shirt performs a balancing act on a taught chain near a canal .	A man is performing a balancing trick over a large canal in Venice .	neutral
A woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope .	A lady and a child are on a boat and the lady is looking out into the ocean through a scope .	entailment
A woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope .	A lady is looking through a scope at the ocean .	entailment
A woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two young children , also in jackets , is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea .	A woman has a bright pink jacket .	entailment
A woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two young children , also in jackets , is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea .	A woman has a bright white jacket .	contradiction
A woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two young children , also in jackets , is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea .	A woman has a bright light pink jacket .	neutral
There are several asian people , one wearing a baseball cap .	There are many people attending a baseball game .	neutral
A man and woman talk to another woman , all looking concerned , in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons .	Some people are throwing a surprise birthday party .	neutral
A man and woman talk to another woman , all looking concerned , in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons .	Some people are throwing a party .	neutral
A man and woman talk to another woman , all looking concerned , in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons .	Some people are happy to be throwing a party .	contradiction
A man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses .	A man is wearing a white shirt .	entailment
A young teenage boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girls .	the boy is flying a plane	contradiction
A dog carries an object in the snow .	A dog is carrying a stick in the snow .	neutral
A dog carries an object in the snow .	A dog is asleep in its dog house .	contradiction
A dog carries an object in the snow .	A dog in the snow is carrying some object .	entailment
Two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top .	A family is walking through a gate .	neutral
Little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice .	A girl with curly hair is taking a big bite from a hamburger .	contradiction
Little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice .	A girl with curly hair is drinking through a straw .	neutral
A boy and girl child swing together on a swing set .	A boy and a girl are cooking breakfast .	contradiction
A man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Clown entertains people at a birthday party .	neutral
two men are seen talking , one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	A man and a woman share a kiss during a candlelight dinner .	contradiction
a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard .	Two men row a boat out to sea .	contradiction
Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person .	Three puppies are snuggling with their mother by the fire .	contradiction
A man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television .	A man prepares to give a speech for a television audience .	neutral
A man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television .	A man is enjoying a cigar at a party .	contradiction
A man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television .	The man is wearing a button up shirt .	entailment
A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	There are some people on a road .	entailment
The man is taking a picture of the beach .	the man is a photographer	neutral
In an apparent classroom setting , a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	The man and woman are cooperating .	neutral
A man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him .	A man performs under a light .	entailment
Two men holding a Chinese lantern that 's yellow and red , one man has a drill and the other is smiling .	A father and son hold a Chinese lantern and prepare to hang it up .	neutral
Two men holding a Chinese lantern that 's yellow and red , one man has a drill and the other is smiling .	A man and his daughter build a doghouse while the dog sits behind them .	contradiction
Two men holding a Chinese lantern that 's yellow and red , one man has a drill and the other is smiling .	One smiling man and one man with a drill hold a red and yellow Chinese lantern .	entailment
Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .	Multiple people are indoors near a piece of furniture .	entailment
Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .	A man is dragging a couch across the room so he can vacuum .	contradiction
Two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on .	The girl is browsing her phone while another girl watches her .	entailment
Two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on .	The girl is browsing reddit on her phone .	neutral
A man in a black shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his bass guitar .	neutral
A man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole .	A man is working in the sun .	neutral
A man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole .	A woman is working for the phone company .	contradiction
A couple dressed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .	The couple stood in the snow .	entailment
A couple dressed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .	The couple stood on the beach together .	contradiction
A couple dressed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .	The couple stood in the snow together for the photographer .	neutral
Three black people , two men and one woman , in the middle of a small , rural street , are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield , while two children and two other people are nearby .	Many people load up a taxi	neutral
Three black people , two men and one woman , in the middle of a small , rural street , are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield , while two children and two other people are nearby .	The people put furniture on the taxi	neutral
A young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black .	A woman teaching a boy to sing .	neutral
A man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk .	A man and woman dressed as devils are riding bicycles .	contradiction
A man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk .	A couple dressed in angel costumes are handing out leaflets on the sidewalk .	entailment
A young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear .	The girl is riding a horse .	entailment
A young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear .	The girl is walking alongside the horse .	contradiction
A single man in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles .	The single man was working on his house	neutral
A single man in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles .	A single man in a blue t-shirt , jeans and a baseball cap wors on a roof of a house laying shingles	entailment
A large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds .	A big brown dog and a tiny black dog are standing in a field .	entailment
A hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background .	A city of ice sits in the distance .	contradiction
A hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background .	A hand holds a strainer , a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation .	neutral
A blond man playing a guitar .	A man is playing a guitar .	entailment
A blond man playing a guitar .	A well dressed man is playing a guitar .	neutral
A blond man playing a guitar .	A bald man is playing a guitar .	contradiction
A woman in an American military uniform sits at a table and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a large sheet of white paper .	A woman is diving off a mountain .	contradiction
A woman in a US military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her .	A woman is writing on a rock	contradiction
A woman in a US military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her .	A woman is trying to write a letter to her daughter in the states	neutral
A woman in a US military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her .	A woman is writing on paper	entailment
A man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by .	A man and a child sitting on steps saw a woman walk by .	entailment
A man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by .	A man and a child watched TV .	contradiction
A man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by .	A man and a child sitting on steps saw a bystander .	entailment
Two people climb a rock overhanging water .	The two people are racing each other on the rock .	neutral
A young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock .	The girl is swimming in the river .	contradiction
A young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock .	A girl is wearing a hat .	entailment
There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it .	Three people sit in a paddle boat .	entailment
There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it .	The owners of a house enjoy their pond .	neutral
One man wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow hard hat .	A tall person in a shirt	neutral
One man wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow hard hat .	A person in a shirt	entailment
A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse , inside a fence with a horned cow .	The woman is riding a horse .	entailment
A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse , inside a fence with a horned cow .	The woman owns the horse .	neutral
A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse , inside a fence with a horned cow .	The horse is being ridden by a man .	contradiction
A girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces .	The boy is at a boxing match .	contradiction
A girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces .	A girl is playing wrestling with a friend .	neutral
A dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	The dog rolled around in the grass .	contradiction
A dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	He was training a police dog .	neutral
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick	A dog is being trained by a man .	entailment
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick	A blind man is attempting to train his dog to ward against intruders .	neutral
A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A skier going down the bunny hill .	neutral
A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A surfer riding a wave .	contradiction
A smiling man with gray hair and glasses , dressed in black , is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him .	This bald man stands naked in protest of fur for fashion .	contradiction
A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle .	A man is driving a truck blindfolded .	contradiction
A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle .	A man is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck .	neutral
A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle .	A man is sleeping in the rear of an automobile .	entailment
A man in a short Mohawk and beard .	The man has a beard and a short Mohawk haircut .	entailment
A man in a short Mohawk and beard .	A man with a short Mohawk and beard stands outside .	entailment
A little boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt .	The little boy is good friends with the girl .	neutral
A little boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt .	The little boy is yelling at the girl in the white shirt .	contradiction
A little boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt .	A little boy is whispering to a girl .	entailment
A woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck .	A woman is getting her picture taken near a truck .	entailment
A woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck .	A woman is posing in the forest near a motorcycle .	contradiction
A young redheaded girl , wearing a yellow shirt , black pants , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background .	A girl jumps in a grassy field	entailment
A young redheaded girl , wearing a yellow shirt , black pants , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background .	A girl jumps in her newly cut lawn	entailment
A young redheaded girl , wearing a yellow shirt , black pants , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background .	A boy jumps in a grassy field	contradiction
People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	A family is diving into the water .	neutral
A boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole .	A boy has and object in his hands .	entailment
A woman in white climbs up a metal structure .	A woman in a wedding dress is climbing .	neutral
A person is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	Someone is standing with a bucket on their head .	contradiction
A person is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	Someone is dipping a sponge in a bucket of soapy water .	neutral
An oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket .	A woman is cleaning wood .	entailment
An oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket .	A woman is cleaning wood outside from a bucket near the window .	neutral
An oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket .	A man is cleaning wood .	contradiction
A man with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another man .	a man sits in front of another man	entailment
A man with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another man .	a man is looking at his friend	neutral
Older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building .	An older man is sweeping his patio while a passerby enters a building	neutral
Older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building .	An old man is sitting at a cafe drinking coffee	contradiction
A man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk .	The man is walking with his skateboard on the street .	contradiction
A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water .	A woman sits outside on the dock overlooking the ocean .	neutral
A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water .	A woman is swimming in her pool .	contradiction
A young male is running while playing tennis against another person .	A man moves while playing a game	neutral
A young male is running while playing tennis against another person .	An old woman sits on a bench .	contradiction
A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market .	A woman browses a market	entailment
A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market .	A woman compares prices on eggs at the market	neutral
A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market .	A woman with an empty cart knocks over an egg carton	contradiction
A lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A lady is climbing a rope .	contradiction
A lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A lady in the kitchen cleans her feet .	entailment
A man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles .	A military man is walking away from the line of military vehicles	entailment
A man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles .	A military man is running inside the line of military vehicle	contradiction
A lit girl splashes around in natural water .	A girl splashes in water .	entailment
A person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a `` swim at your own risk '' sign on the wall .	a man jumps out of a plane	contradiction
A person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a `` swim at your own risk '' sign on the wall .	a person sits in a chair in water	entailment
A white man in a red shirt riding a bike .	A woman wears a shirt on a unicycle .	contradiction
A white man in a red shirt riding a bike .	A guy wears a shirt on a bike .	entailment
A white man in a red shirt riding a bike .	An old guy wears a shirt on a bike .	neutral
Several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table .	There are several people sitting around a table .	entailment
Several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table .	Several people are sitting around a table and are about to play a card game .	neutral
Several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table .	There is a group of people behind another group of people hiding underneath a table .	contradiction
A young girl poses with a trophy in the park .	A girl is at the park .	entailment
The team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river .	The people are in a boat	entailment
A young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	Two people are in front of a fountain .	entailment
Two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone	The man and women are standing by a river .	contradiction
people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Two coworkers eat lunch on a bench outside of their building .	neutral
people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Some people are seated on a bench outside .	entailment
A young woman wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park .	Woman sets bike on fire .	contradiction
A young woman wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park .	Young woman shows off new bike tricks in front of friends .	neutral
A young woman wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park .	Young woman performing bike tricks at a bike park .	entailment
At least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that overlooks the city .	people sitting at a table	entailment
At least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that overlooks the city .	people sitting at a table getting ready for dinner	neutral
A little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him .	A boy puts on his new sunglasses	neutral
A little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him .	A boy puts on some sunglasses	entailment
A little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him .	A girl puts on some sunglasses	contradiction
A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	A boy is practicing his basketball shooting skills for his school 's game later .	neutral
A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	A young male is wearing clothes .	entailment
A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	The boy is asleep in bed .	contradiction
A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches .	A dog plays in the park with his owner on a sunny day .	neutral
A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches .	A dog plays in the park .	entailment
A boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail .	A boy is walking to the beach .	neutral
A man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt .	A man with a white beard is sitting quietly on a couch .	contradiction
A man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt .	A man is giving a toast at a wedding .	neutral
A man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest .	Two girls play tag in a forest .	contradiction
A man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest .	A guy walks on a downed tree trunk .	entailment
A man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest .	A young man wearing a gray winter jacket walks on a fallen oak tree .	entailment
A man in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine .	A man stands in his room .	contradiction
A cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snowy hill .	A boy is enjoying himself while thinking about sliding down a snow hill with his friends	neutral
Two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks .	Two girls kiss a man .	entailment
A man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts .	The man working at target was carrying shooping carts up the escalator .	neutral
A man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts .	The man is inside a building .	entailment
A man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts .	The man is sitting on table not doing anything .	contradiction
A man looking at a woman looking at water .	A woman watches the water .	entailment
A man looking at a woman looking at water .	A woman watches the lake while her child swims .	neutral
A man looking at a woman looking at water .	A man drinks beer .	neutral
A man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering .	The man is being filmed by another man .	entailment
A woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms .	A woman crosses the street carrying her baby .	entailment
A woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms .	A woman crosses the street carrying her baby boy .	neutral
A woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms .	A woman crosses the street carrying a large sandwich .	contradiction
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him	A man sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him outside .	entailment
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him	A man sitting on his motorcycle as night begins to fall .	entailment
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him	A man sitting in his car inside his garage .	contradiction
A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair , a red skirt and tan shirt .	A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman	entailment
A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair , a red skirt and tan shirt .	A small man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman	neutral
A young man sleeping next to a dog .	A dog has a man sleeping next to it .	entailment
A young man sleeping next to a dog .	A man is sleeping next to his daughters dog .	neutral
A young man sleeping next to a dog .	A boy is playing frisbee out in the grass .	contradiction
A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a single soap box car on the road track .	The crowd of people are watching the horse race .	contradiction
A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a single soap box car on the road track .	The people watch as the soap box car drives by them .	neutral
A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a single soap box car on the road track .	The people are at the race .	entailment
A young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair .	A girl is helping her grandmother try on a new bracelet she bought .	neutral
A young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair .	A redhead is putting a bracelet on an old woman .	neutral
A man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background	A man rides a motorcycle .	entailment
A man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background	A man preforms tricks on a motorcycle .	neutral
Guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water .	A man in the Navy stands on a boat in the cool air .	neutral
Guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water .	A man in the Navy is sailing through the water .	neutral
Two people are riding bicycles next to a building .	Two people are riding red bicycles next to a building .	neutral
Two people are riding bicycles next to a building .	Two people are riding bikes near a building .	entailment
Two people are riding bicycles next to a building .	A woman is riding a unicycle past a building .	contradiction
A person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat , neutral pants , and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime .	A person is wearing a bright hat	contradiction
A person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat , neutral pants , and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime .	A person is getting ready to snowboard down a hill with one leg	contradiction
A person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat , neutral pants , and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime .	A person is wearing a dark hat	entailment
A man drops something , reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic .	A woman is talking while a man is reaching for something .	entailment
A man drops something , reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic .	A man brushes his teeth in front of a mirror .	contradiction
Asian people about to perform animal balloons .	dog looks at the pond	contradiction
A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki pants , and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	Two women in a bright red sports car , with sunglasses and pink lipstick , laugh and sing songs .	contradiction
A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki pants , and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	A child in a colorful outfit , holds a piece of sporting equipment and uses it to propel an orb against a vertical surface .	entailment
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool .	A dog and cat are drowning in the pool /	contradiction
Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car .	The woman is dining at a restaurant drinking wine .	contradiction
A group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on .	The group of people are swimming in the water .	neutral
A group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on .	They are people in the water with clothes on .	entailment
At a table with an art camp pamphlet on it , a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag .	Two people are painting ceramics	entailment
There are two people walking in the sand .	The two people walking in the sand are on a date .	neutral
There are two people walking in the sand .	Two people walk across the beach .	entailment
There are two people walking in the sand .	There are five people walking in the sand with drums .	contradiction
A woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog .	The tan dog is being groomed on the table .	neutral
A woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog .	The boy is walking the dog in the park .	contradiction
A woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog .	The woman is holding a some clippers in her hand .	neutral
A woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water .	The woman is relaxing in water .	entailment
A woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water .	The woman is in the ocean .	neutral
A man who wears glasses , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt .	The man the baseball is taking his son to a baseball game today .	neutral
A man who wears glasses , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt .	A man and a boy are riding scooters .	contradiction
A man who wears glasses , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt .	A man is wearing glasses and a baseball cap .	entailment
A young boy learns how to ride a horse	A child sits on the animal 's back .	entailment
A young boy learns how to ride a horse	The child and his pet play on the bed .	contradiction
A sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall .	A man is holding a stone in front of a wall .	entailment
A sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall .	The woman is holding a rock in front of a wall .	contradiction
A tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm , talking on a white phone .	A young man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm , talking on a white large phone .	neutral
A tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm , talking on a white phone .	A man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm .	entailment
The wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers .	The sailing ship is alone on the water .	contradiction
A man in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A man is scalping tickets to a Seahawks game .	neutral
A man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .	A man stands by a wall outside .	entailment
A man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .	A man stands by a wall .	entailment
A man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .	A man sits on a wall .	contradiction
a man standing against a building , in the sunlight , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	There is a photographer taking a photo of a man indoors .	contradiction
a man standing against a building , in the sunlight , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	There is a man standing outside having his photo taken by another person with a shadow .	entailment
a man standing against a building , in the sunlight , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	A woman is taking a photo of a man standing outside in the sunlight .	neutral
A man smokes while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing person '' flier posted on it .	a guy smoking against a wall with a flier on it	entailment
Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow .	The boy is surrounded by snow	entailment
Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow .	The girl pushes as hard as she can	contradiction
Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow .	The boy pushes as hard as he can	neutral
A person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background .	A man posed at a baseball game .	neutral
group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning	A group of people are wind surfing over the dunes .	contradiction
Five People are kneeling between two park cars , and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air .	Six people have an absolutely normal poker game .	contradiction
Five People are kneeling between two park cars , and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air .	Five men are kneeling , while another man puts his hands into the air .	entailment
A man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A man is playing chess while wearing a green tutu .	contradiction
A man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A man is taking a nap on a bench .	neutral
A young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond .	A girl in shorts is fishing in a pond .	entailment
A young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond .	A girl wearing a dress looks off a cliff .	contradiction
A young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond .	A girl is fishing in the a pond in the summertime .	neutral
A man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape .	A man walks down the street with other people around	entailment
An old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day .	The man in the plaid shirt is looking through a telescope to see stars at daytime .	neutral
An old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day .	A old man in a plaid shirt buys apples at the market .	contradiction
A man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background .	A naked man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background .	neutral
A man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background .	A woman is posing on a ski board with lava in the background .	contradiction
A young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage , looking down .	A black man is sitting on a couch at his house .	contradiction
A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it .	A man riding his motorcycle off road .	contradiction
A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it .	A guy standed near the fence .	entailment
A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it .	A man standed near the fence to show the numbers .	neutral
People walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim .	People at a train station .	contradiction
A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach .	The girl is playing at the beach .	contradiction
A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach .	The boy is playing at the beach .	entailment
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	The people are celebrating their father 's birthday at a local restaurant .	neutral
Brown horse standing in the background while man in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off .	A horse is near a man who is about to ride it .	neutral
An older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music .	The man is a musician	entailment
An older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music .	The man has little hair .	entailment
Two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen .	The people are cooking a dinner for Valentine 's Day .	neutral
A man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike .	A man does a jump trick on his bike .	entailment
A man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike .	A man crashes his bike .	contradiction
A man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike .	A man jumps his bike .	entailment
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe .	Blonde woman drawing on a cafe window .	contradiction
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe .	Woman waiting for a friend at a cafe .	neutral
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe .	Brunette woman sitting outside a cafe .	entailment
A man in reflective sunglasses , a skull T-shirt , and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair .	The man is protecting his eyes with sunglasses .	entailment
A group of men playing music , the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums .	A band is playing music .	entailment
A group of men playing music , the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums .	A band plays salsa music .	neutral
man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A man sells fresh corn on the side of the road .	neutral
man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A man wheels a wheelbarrow full of vegetables to a store .	neutral
A gas station and a car on fire .	A car sets a gas station on fire .	neutral
A gas station and a car on fire .	A car is going through the car wash .	contradiction
Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	A man and a woman are running as part of their training for a marathon .	neutral
Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	An old man walks by himself through the city .	contradiction
A woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book .	A woman is standing and looking at a book .	contradiction
A woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book .	A woman is looking at a book .	entailment
A woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book .	A woman is deciding whether or not to read a book .	neutral
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	The woman are enjoying a nice date out at the zoo .	neutral
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	Two woman are petting a animal .	entailment
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	The woman are wearing bikinis and petting an elephant .	contradiction
People enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	Some people enjoying their brunch together in the outdoor seating area of a restaurant for mother 's day .	neutral
A man a woman posing for a picture .	A man is taking a picture of a dog , while a woman watches .	contradiction
A man a woman posing for a picture .	Two people are posing for a portrait .	entailment
A man a woman posing for a picture .	A happy young couple are posing for a portrait .	neutral
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky .	An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red sky .	contradiction
A man and a woman are dancing in the crowd .	a man and woman dance alone	contradiction
A man and a woman are dancing in the crowd .	a couple dances among other people	neutral
A man and a woman are dancing in the crowd .	a couple dance together at their wedding reception	neutral
A man wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position , while a man in uniform squats beside him .	The shirt is a Navy shirt .	contradiction
The backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A man walks his dog with a black leash .	contradiction
The backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A dog on a red leash getting ready to go to the beach .	neutral
A man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A man is riding his bike	entailment
A man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A man is showing a group of people perfect biking form	neutral
A man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A man is driving a blue vehicle	contradiction
A man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree .	a man at the opening of a large tree	entailment
A man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree .	a man at the opening of a large tree in his yard	neutral
An orange on the floor next to a dog .	There 's a dog and an orange on the floor .	entailment
An orange on the floor next to a dog .	The fruit next to the dog is an apple .	contradiction
A cyclist in a red and white uniform is biking across a garage full of people .	There is a man riding a bicycle .	entailment
A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy throwing a stone .	entailment
A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy with no shirt on throws rocks .	neutral
A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy is at a baseball game .	contradiction
A man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a woman at the beach	contradiction
Four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table .	The men are selling clothes in a sports store .	contradiction
A single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft .	A single person stands on a heavily-eroded large cliff-side rock	entailment
A single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft .	A single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock	entailment
A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on .	A person in a shirt	entailment
A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on .	A boy has a light yellow t-shirt and pink sweater .	neutral
A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on .	A tall person in a shirt	neutral
A man wearing red ski pants , a black jacket , and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain .	The man is alone sleeping in his bedroom on the moon .	contradiction
A man wearing red ski pants , a black jacket , and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain .	The man is near another person .	neutral
A man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street .	A person has food outside .	entailment
A man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street .	A woman is baking bread in the oven .	contradiction
A young woman is ordering from a red food truck .	A young lady is ordering food .	entailment
A young woman is ordering from a red food truck .	A young lady is ordering from a food truck .	entailment
A woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	A bucket of flowers is carried by a woman .	entailment
A woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	A woman carrying a bucket of flowers at night .	neutral
A woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	A dog carrying a basket of food .	contradiction
A man is laying down inside a black , non-working boat .	The man is outside on a boat .	entailment
A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	A couple on a date lay next to each other in a park .	neutral
A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	Two people are playing with a frisbee at a park .	contradiction
A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways .	A woman is writing on a napkin and showing it to her friend .	contradiction
A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways .	A male uses paint to stencil words on a circular sign laying horizontal yet made to be erected .	entailment
A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways .	A guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surface while it 's on the ground .	neutral
One man on the left with black hair , wearing glasses , and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair , without glasses but clasping his hands together , are laughing .	the people are a couple	neutral
A female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat .	A girl is inside a vehicle .	entailment
A man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun .	A man is signaling the start of a race .	neutral
A man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun .	A man is shooting a gun .	entailment
The man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the guy kicked his hat	neutral
Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water .	A person is standing outside in the rain looking at flood damage .	entailment
Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water .	A person is standing in a grassy field in the sun .	contradiction
The young man is trying to balance on the train tracks .	A young man is trying to balance on the train tracks while riding his bicycle .	neutral
The young man is trying to balance on the train tracks .	A young man is flying a drone at the park .	contradiction
A man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside .	A man is working outside wearing no shirt because it 's hot outside .	neutral
Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a woman looks on from her window .	Three people are leading a parade .	entailment
Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a woman looks on from her window .	Two men are on stilts while a woman dances between them in the parade .	neutral
Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a woman looks on from her window .	Three people are on a parade float .	neutral
A small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .	A child is in a baby carrier .	entailment
A small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .	The child is wearing a helmet because it is going on a bike ride with its mother soon .	neutral
two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag .	Two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage bag .	neutral
two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag .	Two boys are sleeping beside the garbage bag .	contradiction
A person in an orange shirt reaching up .	A person is sitting in a chair .	contradiction
A young couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the girl .	The couple are on a bus .	entailment
A young couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the girl .	The couple are in their parent 's car .	contradiction
A woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals .	A lady in a dress is trying to sell her yarn animals .	neutral
A woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals .	A man in a dress has a bag of wooden toys .	contradiction
A woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals .	A lady in a dress has a container of yarn toys .	entailment
Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	Some people are walking on the beach collecting sea shells .	neutral
Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	A man in a red shirt is reading at the park .	contradiction
A man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city .	A man is holding a mop on a roof .	entailment
A man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city .	A man is jumping off a building .	contradiction
A man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city .	A man is not happy about having to clean the roof .	neutral
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .	The boy is in the dog park with a bunch of dogs .	contradiction
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .	There is a little boy standing on the sidewalk .	entailment
A man in a army uniform is holding a picture with trees in it .	The man , wearing scuba gear , jumps off the side of the boat into the ocean below .	contradiction
A man in a army uniform is holding a picture with trees in it .	There is one man in the picture .	entailment
Group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .	A group of people including a man and a woman are playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .	entailment
Group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .	A group of people on a bus are sightseeing .	entailment
Group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .	Five people jumped the bridge .	contradiction
A red Planet Hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap , one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	There is a bus carrying a lot of people on it .	entailment
A red Planet Hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap , one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	There is a cat driving a car .	contradiction
A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle .	a boy rides his bike	neutral
A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle .	a girl runs down the street	contradiction
A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle .	a colorfully dressed child rides a bike	entailment
Runners in various athletic garb , as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragon costume , run to the right .	Runners see a dragon costumed person	entailment
A man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape .	A man is standing in a desert .	contradiction
A man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape .	A man is outside in the snow .	entailment
a male teen is working on a school project .	The boy sitting on top of his dads truck .	contradiction
A boy works on a project in shop class .	The boy 's project is for a school activity .	entailment
A boy works on a project in shop class .	The boy peeks through a doorway at people working on their shop class project .	contradiction
A bald , black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art .	A black man with no hair is wearing his safety glasses around his neck .	neutral
A bald , black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art .	A bald black man is painting on a canvas with paint on a pick and hammer .	contradiction
A bald , black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art .	A black man with no hair is making a scultpure with a pick and a hammer .	entailment
Three people are walking on a beach .	There are people at the beach .	entailment
Three people are walking on a beach .	A few people are near the ocean	entailment
A man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	someone in a plaid shirt sits on a box with something in hand	entailment
Two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead .	Two people are following a path outside that their grandfather paved 100 years ago .	neutral
The young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette .	A young man drinking a beer	neutral
The young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette .	A young man smoking a cigarette	entailment
A man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk .	A man has a beer with him .	entailment
A man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk .	A woman has a beer .	contradiction
a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun .	The young woman is enjoying the sun	neutral
a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun .	The young woman is sitting on a bench in the rain .	contradiction
A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A blonde woman sits on a bench outside in a park .	entailment
A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A blonde woman sits on a bench .	entailment
A brown dog races through a field .	A dog is barking out of the window .	contradiction
A brown dog races through a field .	A brown dog is racing another dog .	neutral
Two girls feeding a horse an apple .	A horse is eating a banana .	contradiction
A man in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a painting .	A man is running on a sidewalk with no painting .	contradiction
One man , shirtless , and a woman , clothed , jumping in the water .	Two people are about to be in water .	entailment
One man , shirtless , and a woman , clothed , jumping in the water .	Two people are in a helicopter , high above the Sahara desert .	contradiction
A person walks outside carrying a bag , while a young girl in pink walks behind her .	A person carrying a bag with a girl behind her	entailment
A person walks outside carrying a bag , while a young girl in pink walks behind her .	A woman carrying a bag , with a girl behind her	neutral
A person walks outside carrying a bag , while a young girl in pink walks behind her .	A woman carrying a girl , with a bag behind her	contradiction
A man in a suit speaking to a seated woman .	A man in a costume speaking to another man .	contradiction
A man in a suit speaking to a seated woman .	A dark headed man in a suit speaking to a seated woman .	entailment
A man in a suit speaking to a seated woman .	A man speaking to a woman .	entailment
A young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill .	A young boy is using a utensil to handle meat on a grill .	entailment
A man is making a phone call .	A man is on the phone .	entailment
A man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field .	The man is hiding from his friend .	neutral
A woman lowering ballast on a boat .	The woman is adjusting the boat .	entailment
A woman lowering ballast on a boat .	The woman is on an airplane .	contradiction
A dark-skinned person , crouched while painting a sign .	A white man is painting his house .	contradiction
A dark-skinned person , crouched while painting a sign .	A person is painting .	entailment
A dark-skinned person , crouched while painting a sign .	A black man is painting a protest sign .	neutral
A bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall .	A man poses for a picture .	neutral
A bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall .	A person is in front of a brick wall .	entailment
Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left .	The man and woman are married .	neutral
Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left .	The woman is a secret agent on mission to murder the man .	neutral
A young man is playing a blue guitar .	An old man plays the violin to a group of people .	contradiction
A young man is playing a blue guitar .	A musician practices on his guitar briefly before a concert .	neutral
A young man is playing a blue guitar .	The man is playing the guitar .	entailment
A man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse .	A man is riding a brown horse while protecting his head with a helmet .	entailment
A man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse .	A man is practicing for a horse race .	neutral
a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man .	A man and a small multicolored dog are in the water .	entailment
a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man .	A man forces his cat to learn how to use a diving board .	contradiction
a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man .	A man teaches his puppy how to swim .	entailment
A girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background .	Their is a girl playing soccer in a field .	entailment
A man tests model airplanes in an open field .	A man is mowing his lawn .	contradiction
A man tests model airplanes in an open field .	A man is standing and testing model airplanes .	neutral
A man tests model airplanes in an open field .	A man is testing model airplanes .	entailment
A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond .	The boy and his dad walk along the edge of the pond .	neutral
A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond .	The man and his son stand at the edge of a pond .	neutral
The Man is outside on the beach walking his dog .	The man and his dog are taking a boat ride .	contradiction
The Man is outside on the beach walking his dog .	The man is at the beach fishing .	contradiction
A man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone , another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches .	Someone is about to cross the road while someone else watches .	entailment
A man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street .	A man is prone on the street while another man stands next to him .	entailment
A man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street .	A man calls 911 after another man is hit by a car .	neutral
A man in a blue t-shirt is taking a picture while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him .	A man is taking a picture in the rain .	neutral
A man in a blue t-shirt is taking a picture while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him .	A man is taking a picture outdoors while a woman walks behind him .	entailment
A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush .	The woman is holding a camera .	entailment
A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush .	The woman is photographing a wedding .	neutral
A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush .	The woman is a professional photographer .	neutral
a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot .	There is a field with a parking lot .	entailment
A rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head .	A man is sound checking his guitar in the back room before a gig .	contradiction
Young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot .	A young person in white next to an older person .	contradiction
Young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot .	A young person in black next to an older person .	entailment
Two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal .	Two young boys show prints of a line drawing of inanimate objects .	contradiction
Two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal .	Girls are displaying their animal drawings in a local kid 's drawing competition .	neutral
A woman with a bag , talking on her cellphone , standing on the corner of the street , waiting to cross .	A woman is holding her bag and talking .	entailment
A woman with a bag , talking on her cellphone , standing on the corner of the street , waiting to cross .	A man yells at the television for no reason .	contradiction
A woman with a bag , talking on her cellphone , standing on the corner of the street , waiting to cross .	A woman holding a bag , and talking on her cellphone , is standing on the corner of the street , waiting to cross .	entailment
Blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet , a black t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck .	a girl looks stylish for the camera	neutral
Blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet , a black t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck .	a girl with a helmet wears a dog tag	entailment
This man dressed in white pants and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .	A man is getting ready to shovel the snow so he can park his car .	neutral
This man dressed in white pants and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .	A man is outside in the snow .	entailment
This man dressed in white pants and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .	A man is standing on a large field of lava .	contradiction
A man holding a briefcase on a subway .	A man is going to work on a subway .	neutral
A man holding a briefcase on a subway .	A man is standing in the middle of a field with a briefcase .	contradiction
A young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .	A young bicycle rider walks on top of a downed tree for fun .	neutral
A young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .	A female child , with no shoes but a helmet on , walks on top of a tree that has fallen down .	entailment
A young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .	The child wearing sneakers skips down a forest path .	contradiction
A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water .	A girl might fall off a tree .	neutral
A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water .	A girl does n't like balancing on a tree .	neutral
A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water .	A girl is playing on a tree .	neutral
The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .	A woman wearing red plays hockey .	contradiction
A man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera .	A man is in a dress and has a laptop in front of him	contradiction
A man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera .	A man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera as he poses with others	neutral
Man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle .	Man jumping over the fence on his bicycle trying to escape from the dog .	neutral
Man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle .	The man attending a meeting in his office .	contradiction
A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog .	A woman giving her dog a bath	contradiction
A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog .	A woman walking a dog	entailment
A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog .	A woman walking her dog before leaving to work	neutral
A group of people are ice skating in a big city .	The people are sleeping in the train station .	contradiction
A girl wearing a knit cap , gloves , winter jacket , snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall , with a metal pole by her side .	A boy is near a waterfall .	contradiction
A girl wearing a knit cap , gloves , winter jacket , snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall , with a metal pole by her side .	A girl is near a frozen waterfall .	entailment
A girl wearing a knit cap , gloves , winter jacket , snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall , with a metal pole by her side .	A young girl is by a waterfall .	entailment
A Young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice .	A girl standing near ice .	entailment
A Young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice .	A girl is standing in a winter landscape .	entailment
A woman plays guitar for tips .	music can be learn by litsen	contradiction
A woman plays guitar for tips .	there is no way one can learn music	contradiction
a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street	A mother and child walking up a street	neutral
a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street	Two people wearing red outfits walking on a street	entailment
African woman walking through field .	The brazilian woman is walking through the desert .	contradiction
An African person standing in a wheat field .	A person standing in a corn field .	contradiction
An African person standing in a wheat field .	A person standing in a wheat field .	entailment
An African person standing in a wheat field .	A person standing in a wheat field of his boss .	neutral
Many people sit , some stand outside of a large brick building .	people sit and stand together by a building	entailment
A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras .	The man has blue sunglasses .	contradiction
Two women walking near some trees in warm , dark-colored garments , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	a woman takes a bath	contradiction
A barefoot man in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A man 's car broke down .	neutral
A barefoot man in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A man is sitting on a car .	entailment
A man walks by a building at night .	A man is in the city .	neutral
A man walks by a building at night .	A man is sitting in the sun .	contradiction
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A person was thinking about jumping off a rock cliff .	neutral
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A person sitting on a rock cliff .	entailment
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A person was sitting on the road .	contradiction
A man , boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards .	A man has his boy and his dog out enjoying time spent together while shopping .	neutral
A man , boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards .	A man with a boy and their white dog are looking at postcards .	entailment
A man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin , while standing in a room full of food donations .	Foods are not stored in room by a man .	contradiction
A man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin , while standing in a room full of food donations .	It is food collection room as a donation .	entailment
A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market .	A person is on a boat fishing .	contradiction
A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market .	A person is working at a market .	entailment
A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market .	A person is slicing up a fish to sell .	neutral
A man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar .	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar for his mom	neutral
A man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar .	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar	entailment
A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	The photographer is well dressed and carries a camera .	neutral
A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	The man with the stripped shirt is carrying a camera on his body .	entailment
A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	A man wearing a sweater is carrying a golf club .	contradiction
A bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole .	A bird is sleeping on a pole line .	contradiction
A bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole .	A bird is standing on a pole line .	entailment
A young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress .	the boy is wearing formal clothes	entailment
a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car .	A giraffe is on a chair	contradiction
a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car .	A person is in a vehicle	entailment
Three people sitting on a table , one woman is speaking , and people are listening to them .	Two people are listening to the other person on the table speak .	entailment
Three people sitting on a table , one woman is speaking , and people are listening to them .	Three people standing on a table yelling and ignoring everyone else .	contradiction
The young lady is giving the old man a hug .	The lady is giving the old man a hug .	entailment
The young lady is giving the old man a hug .	The young sad lady is giving the old man a hug .	neutral
The young lady is giving the old man a hug .	The young man is giving the old man a hug .	contradiction
A man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A man and woman just got engaged	neutral
A man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A man is kissing a dog	contradiction
A man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A man is kissing a woman	entailment
A little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a light yellow balloon .	neutral
A female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table .	A woman is at a dinner table .	entailment
Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky .	walkers under a blue sky near the beach	neutral
A man wearing a blue lab coat , safety glasses , and gloves is working at a small machine with a large computer screen .	The man is wearing a baseball uniform .	contradiction
A photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag .	The woman in the two paneled photo is the other woman 's relative	neutral
A woman runs on the beach .	There is a person jogging by the shore .	entailment
A woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog .	There is a dog sleeping on the bed .	contradiction
A woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .	A woman in a white and yellow baseball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .	contradiction
Man playing a game with a young girl .	The man and the young girl are having fun .	neutral
Man playing a game with a young girl .	The man and young girl are talking to the moon .	contradiction
Man playing a game with a young girl .	The man and young girl are playing hide and seek .	neutral
Bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .	A man in a purple suit is dumping a bucket of water over his head .	contradiction
Bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .	A sideshow man in a black costume is performing a trick with fire for the audience .	entailment
A helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road .	A man ridding his bike .	entailment
A helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road .	The man doing a trick in the air .	neutral
A helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road .	The man fell off his bike .	contradiction
Two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say Polotie .	Two women are taking place in a protest by dressing as police .	neutral
Women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean .	Women cooking dinner	contradiction
There are two kids , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outside in a field .	The kids are playing soccer in the field with their dog .	neutral
A gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising Ironman .	An older man rides a bike in front of a bus with a movie poster on it .	neutral
A gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising Ironman .	An older man sits on a bus and watches people riding motorcycles .	contradiction
A gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising Ironman .	An older man rides his bike and is almost hit by a bus because he is looking at the Ironman poster .	neutral
A man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs .	The man eats dog pie .	contradiction
A man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums .	a woman in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays guitar	contradiction
A man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums .	a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums	entailment
A man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums .	a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums during a concert	neutral
A woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink .	A woman is enjoying a beer .	neutral
A woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink .	A woman is standing by the food .	contradiction
A woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink .	A woman is sitting near food .	entailment
An Asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods .	There is a table next to a lady .	entailment
A woman taping a paper notice to a board .	A woman tacking a note to a door .	contradiction
A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore .	A boy is choosing a birthday gift for himself at the store .	neutral
A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore .	A child is chasing a rabbit in the yard .	contradiction
A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore .	A kid is interested in a toy .	entailment
A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot air balloon is rising in to the sky .	contradiction
A mother holds her newborn baby .	An Asian mother holding her baby girl .	neutral
A mother holds her newborn baby .	A person holding a child .	entailment
A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road .	A child is chasing a car .	neutral
A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road .	A boy sits in the road .	contradiction
A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike .	A man in a uniform is talking to another man .	entailment
A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike .	A man in a police uniform is talking to another man .	neutral
A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike .	A man in a swimsuit is talking to another man .	contradiction
There is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling .	The man is killing a spider .	neutral
A man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors .	The man is being served food under an umbrella .	neutral
A man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors .	The man is inside the restaurant in a booth .	contradiction
A man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved road .	A man driving a go kart , numbered 34 , on a narrow dirt road .	contradiction
A man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved road .	A man driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved road .	entailment
A man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved road .	A man driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved road in the snow .	neutral
A small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man 's shoulders and holding his head .	The child 's hands are on the man 's head .	entailment
A small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man 's shoulders and holding his head .	A small child is standing by the man .	contradiction
Four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man 's swim trunks .	A group of people are playing in the water .	entailment
A young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball .	A child is standing on one foot .	neutral
A young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball .	A person in a black shirt is standing on one foot .	neutral
People waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk .	People are crossing the street during a parade .	neutral
People waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk .	People are waiting to cross the street .	entailment
An older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	An older gentleman looks away from the camera while he is building a birdhouse .	contradiction
An older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	A human looks at the camera while building something .	entailment
An older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	An older gentleman in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in front of a house .	entailment
two shirtless men jumping over a street rail , probably practicing new dance moves .	Two naked men are practicing dance moves on the street .	neutral
A boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars .	an abadnoned boy is playing with his toy in the ghetto alley .	neutral
A boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars .	a boy played in the streets with his motorized car .	entailment
The small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat .	The small child is dressed in tank top and shorts .	contradiction
A young white man in running gear is jogging by the water .	A man is exercising by water .	entailment
A young white man in running gear is jogging by the water .	A man runs along a path .	neutral
A young white man in running gear is jogging by the water .	A man walks to the store .	contradiction
A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	There are people in a pool .	entailment
A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	The girl is jumping to her father in the pool .	neutral
A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	There is a a lot of people on a train .	contradiction
A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A boy is jumping his skateboard while his friends watch .	neutral
A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A girl is picks up her skateboard .	contradiction
A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A boy is jumping his skateboard	entailment
A group of people sitting around a small round table eating .	The people are dancing around the room in a conga line .	contradiction
A woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground .	A woman is trying to get her dog to go to the bathroom after it has freshly snowed .	neutral
A woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground .	A woman is with her dog outside .	entailment
A woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground .	A woman and her cat are laying by the fireplace .	contradiction
A middle-aged man in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt .	Boxing match between two star fighters .	contradiction
A middle-aged man in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt .	Older man with green jacket conversing with another man .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger .	a man orders a mamosa for another man	contradiction
This woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	This woman is skiing down a hill in a tournament .	neutral
This woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	This woman is skiing down a grassy hill .	contradiction
This woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	This woman is on a hill .	entailment
A lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her .	A mother is waiting for the bus with her kids .	neutral
A teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another teen watches .	A person in face paint	entailment
A teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another teen watches .	A tall person in face paint	neutral
Small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks .	the girl is wearing pink color frok	entailment
A stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path .	The man is going to turn left at the green arrow .	neutral
The man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park .	A man and a dog are sitting on the couch .	contradiction
The man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park .	A man and a dog are at a park .	entailment
The man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park .	A man and a dog are at a dog park .	entailment
The young Asian woman is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back .	A woman is using a large umbrella .	entailment
The young Asian woman is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back .	A woman is not using an umbrella .	contradiction
The young Asian woman is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back .	A woman is using an umbrella .	entailment
A woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .	The woman is wearing a full sleeved jacket .	contradiction
A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A boy is swimming in the bay .	contradiction
A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A child is at the bay .	entailment
3 people on plain boats smiling towards the camera .	3 smiling people on a boat	entailment
A child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby .	a child enjoys summer vacation	neutral
A man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other .	A man sitting and woman punching him the face .	contradiction
A man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other .	A man sitting and woman laying in his lap .	entailment
A man performing auto repair in front of a building .	The man is fixing a car .	entailment
A man performing auto repair in front of a building .	The man is swimming in a pool .	contradiction
A man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean .	A man is holding a surfboard on the black sand beach .	neutral
A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a water scene with a full moon in the back .	contradiction
A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a young couple at the water scene .	neutral
A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a water scene with the sunset in the back .	entailment
The man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air .	A man is performing a trick on a bike .	entailment
A blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt .	Two people are going to kiss .	entailment
A blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt .	A man and woman are on a date .	neutral
Two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale .	A man sells fish from a stall in the fish market .	neutral
A woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children .	The woman is watching the children eat their lunch .	neutral
A woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children .	A woman wears a plaid jacket as she stands near children sitting at a table .	entailment
A woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children .	A woman in a pink coat is watching children play a board game .	contradiction
The blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a picture .	A man covered in paint after a paintball fight takes a photo .	neutral
The blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a picture .	A man covered in paint takes a photo .	entailment
A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk	entailment
A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk at night	neutral
A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is licking the sidewalk	contradiction
Two young girls with long brunette hair , standing in front of a stone wall playing a game .	Two girls with short blonde hair playing a game .	contradiction
A brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community .	A woman holds her daughter .	neutral
A brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community .	A woman holds a little girl .	entailment
A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods .	A little girl in a pink shirt is ready to run in the woods .	neutral
A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods .	A little girl is inside on her computer .	contradiction
A man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street .	A homeless man strolls through the street .	neutral
A man , with a full face mask , sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar .	A man is wearing a mask	entailment
A man , with a full face mask , sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar .	A woman is wearing a mask	contradiction
A man , with a full face mask , sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar .	The man 's mask is a clown face	neutral
In front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	There are people making music .	entailment
a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee	The dog is going to catch a baseball .	contradiction
A woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign .	A woman is yelling at a crowd and they can not hear her because she has no microphone .	contradiction
These people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game .	There are people at a lacrosse game .	entailment
A couple walking their dog .	A couple and their dog are in their living room .	contradiction
A couple walking their dog .	A couple is walking their dog to the park .	neutral
A small child with a backpack walks down a narrow road next to a painted wall .	A small child is coming home from school	neutral
A small child with a backpack walks down a narrow road next to a painted wall .	A small child is walking on a road	entailment
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	A dog is playing in the grass .	entailment
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	The black dog has a red toy .	contradiction
Two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears .	Some men wearing red winter jackets are looking over a lake and listening to music .	neutral
Two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears .	The man listening to music is listening to Kanye West .	neutral
A person standing next to an old dark building .	A woman running through a sunny field .	contradiction
A person standing next to an old dark building .	A man standing next to a run down building .	neutral
A person standing next to an old dark building .	A person standing near a building .	entailment
Young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day .	Young people and a kid are walking in the forest .	entailment
Young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day .	Young people and a kid are walking on a sunny day .	entailment
A child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	A girl is reading a book .	contradiction
A young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game , while two players on the opposing team challenge .	The boy is on the floor , writhing in agony .	contradiction
At an outdoor event on a large table , several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers preparing for a catered event , with several condiments lining the food table .	entailment
A man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A man is sitting on the sidewalk , waiting for his girlfriend to show up .	neutral
A man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A man is laying down on a park bench as people walk by .	contradiction
a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school	A man is break dancing at a school	entailment
A young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display .	A woman walks through a store talking on her phone .	neutral
A young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display .	A woman is walking through her bedroom .	contradiction
A child doing gymnastics	A child is doing gymnastics .	entailment
A child doing gymnastics	A child is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd .	neutral
A child doing gymnastics	The child is eating lunch at the park .	contradiction
A young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet .	A man and a woman are playing in the snow outside .	entailment
A young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet .	An old woman and a young man are crossing the street .	contradiction
A young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet .	A man and a woman are jumping in the snow .	entailment
This woman is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in the market .	A woman in her vegetable market .	entailment
A woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street .	A man dumping a truck full of dirt onto the street	contradiction
A young girl running on grass	The girl sits at the kitchen table , decorating the Christmas cookies while her mother looks on .	contradiction
One man watches while another breakdances , balancing himself for a moment on one hand .	A woman strips in a sleazy club .	contradiction
One man watches while another breakdances , balancing himself for a moment on one hand .	A man practices for the 80s party .	neutral
People ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window .	The people are waiting at their table for the waitress to bring their food .	contradiction
A group of people traveling in a small wooden boat .	Several people sitting in a boat .	entailment
A group of people traveling in a small wooden boat .	A group of people waiting for a larger boat .	contradiction
A group of people traveling in a small wooden boat .	A group of people on a sunken boat .	contradiction
A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	A little child sits quietly on a hand built rock wall in autumn	entailment
A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	A child sits on a wall writing a story of falling leaves	neutral
A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	An child is throwing stones at a leaf wall	contradiction
A man with medium length curly hair , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar .	A person with hair	entailment
A man with medium length curly hair , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar .	A tall person with hair	neutral
A man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background .	The man and woman are looking for help after being snowed in by a blizzard .	neutral
A man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background .	A man and woman are outside in the snow .	entailment
A man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background .	A man and women are sitting by the fire .	contradiction
A group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water .	A group poses on vacation at the ocean .	neutral
A group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water .	A group of people posing in front of a body of water .	entailment
A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water .	A black lab waits for its owner to throw a ball into the water .	neutral
A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water .	A white dog is laying on the grass .	contradiction
a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium	The man is teaching the boy to play .	neutral
Two people in coats kiss on the side of a road .	A recently engaged couple embrace on the street .	neutral
A light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	A person is working at a theatre .	neutral
A girl bounces in a bounce house .	A girl is bouncing alongside with another girl .	neutral
A girl bounces in a bounce house .	A girl is bouncing around at a friend birthday party .	neutral
A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand	A woman with wood in her hand is standing with a smile on her face .	entailment
A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand	A woman stands holding her baby and crying .	contradiction
A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand	A woman stands while smiling with wood that was just handed to her .	neutral
The man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A man is eating lunch .	entailment
The man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A man is wearing a green t shirt while holding a banana .	contradiction
The man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A man is holding a banana .	entailment
A young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head .	A young African child carrying a bag on his had while working for his father in a local village .	neutral
A young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head .	A young African child carrying a bag .	entailment
A man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage .	A man is swimming in the ocean .	contradiction
A man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage .	A man with long hair is acting like he is on a stage and is talking into a microphone .	entailment
A person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike .	Both people fell off their bike .	contradiction
A person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike .	A person fell off their bike .	entailment
An older woman is holding a small child .	a woman holding a child	entailment
An older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a baby	contradiction
A man is holding a child on his shoulders .	A child is going for a ride on that man .	entailment
A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest .	A male performer is showcasting his snake for tips .	neutral
A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest .	A male is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his chest .	entailment
A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest .	A blond boy is sleeping in bed at home .	contradiction
A child wearing a brown coat , red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection .	A little boy thowing a snowball from the top of a snow pile .	neutral
A child wearing a brown coat , red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection .	A child riding his bike by the beach .	contradiction
A small group of people wait to board an MTA bus .	A small group of people wait to board a bus on a city street .	neutral
A small group of people wait to board an MTA bus .	Large crowds of people wait for a bus .	contradiction
A small group of people wait to board an MTA bus .	A group of people wait outside a bus stop .	entailment
A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes .	A man is holding a leash on someone else dog .	contradiction
A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes .	A woman is holding a leash on her dog .	entailment
A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes .	A woman is holding a leash on a dog .	entailment
A woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean .	She throws her phone into the sea	contradiction
Two people are setting up a photo shoot of a mobile in a white room .	The room has a camera in it .	entailment
A man with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	A man rolls a cigarette and lights it .	neutral
A large group of people populate a dimly lit room .	A group of people are partying in the large room .	neutral
A large group of people populate a dimly lit room .	The people are populating the city .	contradiction
A large group of people populate a dimly lit room .	A group of people are in a room .	entailment
A young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street .	A man broke his new bike .	neutral
A young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street .	A man in blue walks his scooter down a street .	contradiction
A young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street .	A man in an orange hat walks his bike down a street .	entailment
A man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby .	A man prepares to show off his knife-wielding skills	neutral
A man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby .	A man prepares to throw a knife at his friend	neutral
A woman examines a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent lights .	A woman is lost and looks at directions mounted on the wall .	neutral
A photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset .	The photographer is holding the camera in his hands .	contradiction
A photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset .	The photographer is taking a picture .	entailment
Child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play .	A group of people take turns carrying an injured child .	contradiction
A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy 's shirt is orange .	contradiction
A young boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The young boy is watching a hockey game .	contradiction
A young boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The young boy is watching a man perform .	entailment
A woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road .	A lady is walking down a forest	neutral
A man is repairing roof shingles .	A guy is fixing the roof and falls off .	neutral
A man is repairing roof shingles .	A guy is fixing the roof .	entailment
A child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool .	A child is thrown by a man in the pool .	entailment
A child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool .	A man was teaching his boy to swim .	neutral
A child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool .	A child is tosses into a box by a woman .	contradiction
A young girl with her bike .	There is a girl sleeping inside her house .	contradiction
A young girl with her bike .	The little girl is going to ride her bike .	neutral
A young girl with her bike .	A girl is wiating for someone to take her bicycle .	neutral
An Asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A mother is making food for her family .	neutral
An Asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A woman is preparing food for a child .	entailment
A little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch .	The boy wants to be a professional guitar player when he grows up	neutral
A little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch .	The child practices guitar indoors	entailment
A man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him .	A man rides a bike .	entailment
There is one man with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two men are wearing jeans for a jean advertisement .	entailment
There is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about .	A person walking down a street with snow scattered about .	entailment
There is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about .	There is a dog walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about .	contradiction
There is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about .	There is a man walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about .	neutral
2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	2 people are at a table	entailment
A man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm .	The man is practicing how to surf .	neutral
A man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm .	The man is laying in a mud puddle .	contradiction
A man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm .	The man is doing something by the water .	entailment
A small child is giving heavy metal signs	Kid showing the heavy metal hand sign .	entailment
A small child is giving heavy metal signs	A child pretending his hand is a bull .	contradiction
A man in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a black satchel , who has many sticks of cotton candy .	A man at a fair is selling cotton candy to little children .	neutral
A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city .	A kid eating a pizza on a bench by his bike .	contradiction
A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city .	A kid riding his bike home .	neutral
A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city .	A kid riding his bike down the street .	entailment
a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square .	The boy 's bike is blue .	contradiction
a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square .	A boy has a yellow bike .	entailment
Two cars are being driven in a car race .	Two horses are pacing each other on a race track .	contradiction
Two cars are being driven in a car race .	A Bugatti and a Lambourgini compete in a road race .	neutral
Two cars are being driven in a car race .	Two cars participate in a car race .	entailment
A young female gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is lifting her right leg straight up in the air .	a gymnast has her leg straight up in the air .	entailment
A young female gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is lifting her right leg straight up in the air .	A younger gymnast , wearing dark blue and white , has her right leg straight in the air .	entailment
Bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door .	An old man opens a door while carrying his bicycle out to the clean street .	contradiction
Bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door .	A boy tries to open the door to his apartment near where other apartment dwellers park their bicycles .	neutral
Bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door .	A boy is touching a door .	entailment
A young boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a man .	a boy pushing a car up a hill .	contradiction
A shirtless man with his fishing boat .	The man does n't like his fishing boat .	contradiction
A shirtless man with his fishing boat .	A man is with his boat .	entailment
Along a paved walkway outdoors , a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on .	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a person in a black windbreaker takes a picture of a fish statue while a small white dog looks on .	entailment
Along a paved walkway outdoors , a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on .	A person takes a photo .	entailment
A curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table .	A man and a woman are hugging in front of a restaurant .	contradiction
A father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle .	The father is teaching his daughter how to ride a bike .	contradiction
A father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle .	A boy is learning how to ride his bike .	entailment
A woman sitting in an office .	A woman in a office	entailment
A bear-chested jungle native , with long hair , wearing a cloth bottom garment , is dangling in the air from a chute .	A person with hair	entailment
A bear-chested jungle native , with long hair , wearing a cloth bottom garment , is dangling in the air from a chute .	A tall person with hair	neutral
Two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water .	Two people are near water .	entailment
Two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water .	Two people are in the ocean .	neutral
A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball .	The child is at the beach .	neutral
A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch .	A girl is critiquing her friend 's dance moves .	neutral
Women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall .	A person in a hat	entailment
Women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall .	A tall person in a hat	neutral
A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach .	The beach is out of water .	contradiction
A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach .	A giant wave splashes the beach .	neutral
A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach .	There are people at the beach .	entailment
A five person Brass band is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	The band plays jazz music .	neutral
A five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church .	There are people playing music .	entailment
A man wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop .	A man is putting a sign in the window .	entailment
A man wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop .	A man is putting a sign in the window to alert customers of an upcoming ice cream sale .	neutral
A middle-aged woman with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while talking .	The woman was talking on the phone .	entailment
A man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A man takes a smoke break from work .	neutral
A man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A man holding a cigarette .	entailment
A black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground .	A cart is on a city street .	entailment
a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A baby is getting a bath by his Father .	neutral
a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A baby is getting a bath .	entailment
People on a sidewalk are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper .	The people are sitting on benches in the sunshine .	contradiction
A young couple holding hands in the park .	A couple are at the park .	entailment
A young couple holding hands in the park .	A man and woman are on a date .	neutral
A middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	the man is asleep on the bridge	contradiction
A young man appears bored in a restaurant .	A young person appears bored in a restaurant .	entailment
A young man appears bored in a restaurant .	A young sad man appears bored in a restaurant .	neutral
A young man appears bored in a restaurant .	A young woman appears bored in a restaurant .	contradiction
a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man .	This woman does not know the man she is pictured with .	contradiction
a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man .	A man and a woman sharing a kiss on the cheek .	entailment
A man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A man on a motorcycle .	contradiction
A woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach .	A woman wearing a pink swimsuit .	neutral
A woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach .	A woman lounging on the beach .	contradiction
A woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach .	A woman wearing a swimsuit .	entailment
A person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A person is climbing a steep cliff .	entailment
A person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A person is mountain climbing using nothing but his hands and the rocks .	contradiction
A person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A man is climbing a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his death .	neutral
A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow .	A brown dog is running down the road chasing the mailman	contradiction
A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow .	A brown dog plays in snow	entailment
Two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore .	The two women are walking down the shore drinking tea .	contradiction
A girl dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	Her favorite candy is chocolate .	neutral
A girl dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	A girl has some candy .	entailment
A girl dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	The girl is wearing her school uniform .	contradiction
A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	A person in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	entailment
A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	A sad man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	neutral
A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	A woman in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	contradiction
Man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches .	The yelling man is wearing a white shirt .	contradiction
A man sitting on a statue outdoors , near a woman standing next to him .	children playing baseball at the park	contradiction
A man sitting on a statue outdoors , near a woman standing next to him .	man and woman sitting near a statue	entailment
A woman poses for a picture with a child .	A child poses for the camera with their mother .	entailment
A woman poses for a picture with a child .	The woman and child take a picture together .	entailment
A woman poses for a picture with a child .	A woman and child climb a tree .	contradiction
A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The baby had dark hair .	neutral
A young girl , is mid jump , while performing a dance routine .	A young girl does n't jump while performing her routine .	contradiction
A young girl , is mid jump , while performing a dance routine .	A young girl is in the middle of jumping during her dance routine .	entailment
a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar .	A man is getting ready to drink ice tea .	neutral
a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar .	A man is pouring a glass of tea .	entailment
A girl climbing a chain link fence .	A girl is on a fence .	entailment
A girl climbing a chain link fence .	The girl falls from the fence .	contradiction
A girl climbing a chain link fence .	The girl climbs the fence to get to school .	neutral
A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought .	Two people stand lost in thought in front of a tree .	entailment
A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought .	Two people wonder how a Christmas tree got inside their house in the middle of July .	neutral
A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought .	Two people talk loudly in front of a cactus .	contradiction
A group of people standing in a restaurant .	There are people in a restaurant .	entailment
A group of people standing in a restaurant .	A group of people are eating tacos at a restaurant .	neutral
A group of people standing in a restaurant .	A party waits to be seated at a restaurant .	neutral
A man lying on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A man lying on a field holding a wrecking ball .	contradiction
A man lying on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A man lying in the grass holding on to a ball .	entailment
A woman is sitting in a chair , while a man is going through the sport utility vehicle .	a girl is sitting waiting to leave for vacation	neutral
A woman carries a small , unhappy child in a busy street scene .	woman carrying a child	entailment
A woman carries a small , unhappy child in a busy street scene .	man walking a dog	contradiction
A woman carries a small , unhappy child in a busy street scene .	woman carrying child to the store	neutral
A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The woman is carrying a basket down the street .	entailment
A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The woman is playing soccer in the cobble stone streets of Brazil .	contradiction
A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The woman is carrying a basket down the street in Nepal .	neutral
The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face .	The guy is eating a sandwich while a lady wonders what 's in the sandwich .	neutral
The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face .	A person is jumping out of a plane .	contradiction
The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face .	A person is consuming food .	entailment
Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table .	Several enemies talk and drink beer around a table discussing peace treaties .	neutral
Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table .	Several friends talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table .	neutral
A dirty , shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk , holding his cup up to passerby asking for change .	A businessman eats lunch in the cafe .	contradiction
A person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall .	The man is working in the snow .	entailment
A person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall .	The man is playing a guitar .	contradiction
A man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him .	A man is riding in a spaceship to the moon .	contradiction
A group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market .	The people are buying clothing at a stall in the street market .	contradiction
A group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market .	The stand selling produce is in a street market .	entailment
A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair .	The dog is chained to a chair .	entailment
A woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background .	A woman in red is out camping near water .	neutral
A woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background .	A woman looks at a map outdoors , a river and boats are behind her .	entailment
A woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background .	A girl is buying a cup of coffee .	contradiction
A group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	Wearing their track jackets , the boys form a circle and stretch their legs in the gym .	entailment
A woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The woman is near her dog .	entailment
A woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The woman is swimming in the ocean .	contradiction
Two men sitting in a living room , one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their bike and moped .	A man in traditional dress wants his friend to trade his moped for his bike .	neutral
A man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women .	boy watches movie at home	contradiction
A man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A man is sleeping on the floor .	contradiction
A man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman .	A man offers a woman a beer .	neutral
A man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman .	A man talks to a woman .	entailment
Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the group .	Group of people standing on a snow covered ground after a blizzard ready to sweep off the buried cars while a dog is nearby .	neutral
Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the group .	Group of people at the beach enjoying a hot sunny day .	contradiction
Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the group .	Group of people with a dog nearby are outside .	entailment
A kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down .	I kid is lying down on the train .	entailment
A kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down .	A child runs and screams violently in around the train .	contradiction
A kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down .	A child is riding the train from New York to Boston .	neutral
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	A person is near water	entailment
A woman finishing a marathon race .	A woman is finishing a race .	entailment
A woman finishing a marathon race .	The woman is not going to finish the race .	contradiction
A man examines a bike during a yard sale .	A woman examines a bike	contradiction
A man examines a bike during a yard sale .	The man wants to buy a bike	neutral
A young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The young man is getting ice cream .	neutral
A man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his bike up , with a wood like table , chairs , benches in front of him .	A man is running on foot	contradiction
A man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his bike up , with a wood like table , chairs , benches in front of him .	A man is riding his bike	neutral
A man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his bike up , with a wood like table , chairs , benches in front of him .	A man is holding a bike up	entailment
A girl making a snow angel , wearing a black hat and glasses .	A girl is outside in the snow .	entailment
A girl making a snow angel , wearing a black hat and glasses .	A girl is on a snowy mountain .	neutral
A girl making a snow angel , wearing a black hat and glasses .	A girl is at the beach .	contradiction
A dog plays with a stuffed animal .	The dog is chewing on his toy .	neutral
Two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 male humans are outside with a hat on .	entailment
A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross .	A blue tram goes down the street while pedestrians sight-see .	neutral
A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross .	Pedestrians wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street .	entailment
A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross .	A blue tram goes down an empty street with no one around .	contradiction
A woman and a baby are watching a boy play .	a woman and a baby watching	entailment
A woman and a baby are watching a boy play .	the woman is his mother	neutral
A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A woman reading a book while she sits on a bench waiting for the bus .	neutral
A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A woman reading a book while sitting on a bench .	entailment
A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A man reading a book while sitting on a bench .	contradiction
It looks like the clown has fallen off the horse .	The clown has fallen off the horse .	entailment
It looks like the clown has fallen off the horse .	The sad clown fell off the horse at the State Fair rodeo .	neutral
A man in a business suit screaming at the camera .	A woman is yelling at a camera .	contradiction
A man in a business suit screaming at the camera .	A man is yelling at a camera .	entailment
A group of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	A group of Chinese people are hanging out on a porch .	entailment
A group of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	The Chinese people on the porch are family members .	neutral
A group of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	A group of African American people are eating dinner at KFC .	contradiction
A child making a sand castle on the beach .	A child on a beach .	entailment
Two dirt bikers - one in black and red , sporting number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the corner of a tree-lined track .	There are two people and two motorbikes in this picture .	entailment
Two dirt bikers - one in black and red , sporting number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the corner of a tree-lined track .	One man pushes the other man down the hill on the sled as onlookers laugh .	contradiction
Two dirt bikers - one in black and red , sporting number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the corner of a tree-lined track .	The two bikers , both friends and competitors , round the final curve of the final race of the season .	neutral
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean .	A man falls down onto his bed	entailment
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean .	A woman falls into a bed	contradiction
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean .	A man falls down onto a bed	entailment
A man with a large mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him .	A man is getting his face shaved for his party .	neutral
A road crew is working on a road with equipment around them .	A road crew in orange vests are working on a road with equipment around them .	neutral
A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them .	The couple are walking away from the wrong bus stop .	neutral
A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them .	There are people inside of a store .	contradiction
an elderly woman walking down the street .	An elderly woman is enjoying coffee at home .	contradiction
An old woman walking down the street .	A woman on her way to church .	neutral
A man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture .	The man is stealing a sculpture	neutral
A black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman .	A person with hair	entailment
A black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman .	A tall person with hair	neutral
Two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area .	The coworkers are discussing a work related paper in their shop .	neutral
Two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area .	The guys are having a party at the park .	contradiction
A person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair .	A man sits in a chair on a dating show .	neutral
A person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair .	A man sits in a purple chair .	entailment
A person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair .	A bald man sits in a red chair .	contradiction
Beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight .	A girl is wearing a dress .	entailment
A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A man in pants and a t-shirt doing fire tricks .	contradiction
A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A dancer about to breath fire out before the crowd .	neutral
A topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car .	A man secures surfboards on his car .	entailment
A topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car .	A man is heading out to the beach for a day of surfing .	neutral
A man and woman look through CD 's at a street vendor .	A man and women laying down in bed	contradiction
Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background , by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are searching for an oasis in the desert .	neutral
Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background , by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are lying in the sun at the park .	contradiction
Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background , by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are being led through the desert on the backs on camels .	neutral
A little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower .	The girl is holding a dead animal	contradiction
A little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower .	The girl is holding a flower	entailment
This person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day .	The person on the phone is complaining about how windy it is outside .	neutral
This person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day .	The person is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building .	contradiction
This person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day .	There is a person talking on the phone .	entailment
Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	The three people are posing at the mountain .	entailment
Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .	A child is moving swiftly toward a body of water .	entailment
Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .	A dog sits quietly by the dinner table , eyeing the plates of food .	contradiction
Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .	A child at a birthday party , plays with other children , laughing and screaming .	neutral
A female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	A woman is laying on the beach .	contradiction
Two casually-dressed men , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap , make their way through a crowd .	A man is wearing a cowboy hat .	entailment
A police officer standing next his police motorbike holding a yellow safety jacket .	A man driving a car .	contradiction
Two young girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water .	Two young girls in bathing suits are standing under a fountain of water at an amusement park with their family .	neutral
Two young girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water .	Two young girls are standing under a fountain of water .	entailment
Clowning around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the bathroom getting ready for school	neutral
A woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	A woman rides a horse on the beach .	contradiction
A woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	A lady is lying in bed .	entailment
A woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam .	A women about to make hot water turn into snow by throwing the hot water in the air .	neutral
A woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam .	A woman outside in the hot sand .	contradiction
A man wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench .	the guy in funky clothes is on the bench	entailment
A man wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench .	the guy is on the bench waiting for his wife	neutral
A man wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench .	the guy is on the cow	contradiction
A man siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The man is waiting for the bus to take him to the airport .	neutral
Some folks pick out the food they want at a party .	A study group sits at a table in the library .	contradiction
The blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her .	A man is eating dinner at a restaurant .	contradiction
A woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees .	the woman cooked a apple pie	contradiction
A man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl swim	entailment
A man and a young girl swimming .	a mother and son eating lunch	contradiction
People checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city .	A car door has not been shut	entailment
A man in a dark long rainproof jacket but dry hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained .	the man is sitted in the bar	contradiction
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .	A man is riding a riding a bicycle through the park .	contradiction
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .	A snowboarder in a green hat rides along a metal railing in a competition .	neutral
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .	A snowboarder is riding along a metal railing while wearing a green hat .	entailment
Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's wedding dress .	The people are practicing at a wedding recital .	neutral
Little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game .	A girl is playing the piano in her living room .	contradiction
A girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger .	A girl and a butterfly	entailment
A girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger .	A girl captures a butterfly for a science fair project	neutral
A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	A human being is in a kitchen with meat in front of him .	entailment
A person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The brown haired person is a stone mason working on a reconstruction project .	neutral
A person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The person wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar .	entailment
A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .	A barefoot boy climbs a tree .	contradiction
A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .	A young boy climbs an oak tree .	neutral
A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband .	Newlyweds walk down the sidewalk from the church .	neutral
A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband .	Newlyweds sitting on a park bench .	contradiction
A man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest .	A man next to a tree .	entailment
A man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest .	A man pushes a redwood tree in the forest .	entailment
A man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest .	A man standing on a boat .	contradiction
Red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank .	A man wears a white shirt .	entailment
Red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank .	A man wears a white Tommy Hilfiger shirt .	neutral
Red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank .	A shirtless man sips coffee at the dinner table .	contradiction
A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is chasing a bunny in the field .	neutral
A man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building .	A man is sitting on the floor .	contradiction
A man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman .	The man brings two little boys with him to buy something from a woman .	entailment
A man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman .	The man with the little boys is buying a gift from the woman 's store .	neutral
A man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman .	The little boys are flying a kite with the man and the woman .	contradiction
A small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing .	old lady sitting on a chair .	contradiction
A small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing .	teen girl plays swing with his friend .	neutral
A man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture .	a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture of his friend	neutral
A man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture .	a man wearing a hat works on his car	contradiction
A man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture .	a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture	entailment
A man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope .	A man has destroyed his airplane	contradiction
A little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels .	entailment
A little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels down to the park .	neutral
A little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A kid in a helmet sleds down a hill .	contradiction
A man on stage in the act of jumping , with a little boy in the background really enjoying it .	A boy happily watches a man jumping on a stage .	entailment
A man on stage in the act of jumping , with a little boy in the background really enjoying it .	A boy watches boats on a lake .	contradiction
A woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top	The man and woman who are talking are both wearing black pants .	entailment
A woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top	The man and woman are engaged .	neutral
A young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street .	The lady in a dress is yelling at the man in the road .	contradiction
A young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street .	A young gal in snug pants chats with a guy in the road .	entailment
A young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street .	A teenager in tight jeans is speaking to a guy in the middle of the road .	neutral
On a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride	A man is indoors watching someone canoe on television .	contradiction
A woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest .	The woman has black hair .	contradiction
A woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest .	The woman is naturally a red head .	neutral
A man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with vehicles and buildings behind him .	A man has dragon tattoos on his arm .	neutral
A man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a man in his van because he caught his victim	contradiction
A man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a man standing in front of a van waiting for his victim	neutral
A man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a man standing in front of a van	entailment
Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side .	Two people are near a Sonoma store .	entailment
Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side .	Two people are race car driving .	contradiction
Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side .	A woman has her daughter in a stroller .	neutral
A boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	A boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach .	neutral
A boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	A boy kisses his dog on the beach .	contradiction
A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating cake celebrating it 's birthday .	neutral
A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating cake messily .	entailment
A man playing a large stringed instrument on the street .	The man is standing on the platform waiting for a train .	contradiction
A woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background .	A woman looking at the camera .	entailment
A woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background .	A woman not paying attention to the camera	contradiction
A woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background .	A woman is in a cooking competition	neutral
A man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public event .	A man in a white shirt is making a speech in front of a crowd .	entailment
A young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby .	A girl in pigtails laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons .	neutral
A young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby .	A young girl frowns as she drops her ice cream cone .	contradiction
The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	A squirrel runs in the grass .	contradiction
The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	A squirrel sits in the grass .	entailment
The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	A squirrel sits in the grass on a rainy day .	neutral
A little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A girl fakes a smile to brush her teeth .	neutral
A little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A boy is going on a jog in a park .	contradiction
A young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence .	A boy with a toy	entailment
A young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence .	A kid in the middle of playing cops and robbers poses with his toy gun	neutral
A group of people are in a special formation on a soccer field .	The group of people are flying in the air on their unicorns .	contradiction
A photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall .	The photographer is taking a picture of an old man .	neutral
A photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall .	The photographer is taking a photo of a dog .	contradiction
A photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall .	The man is getting his picture taken .	entailment
A man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background .	A man is in a building cleaning .	entailment
A man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background .	The man is referring a floor cleaner battle .	contradiction
A man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background .	A man in a shirt and helmet is cleaning up as spill .	neutral
Two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	He takes a photo of the piece of paper .	entailment
A man in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a man in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	The man is riding a motorcycle across the street .	contradiction
A man in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a man in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	The man in the leather jacket is walking to his motorcycle .	neutral
A man wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bike , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The man on a bike was rude to the photographer .	entailment
A man wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bike , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The photographer has angered that bike rider somehow .	neutral
A man wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bike , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The bike rider and the photographer greeted each other warmly .	contradiction
A man is standing in the doorway of a building .	The man is walking into a room .	neutral
A man is standing in the doorway of a building .	A woman is standing in the doorway of a building .	contradiction
A man is standing in the doorway of a building .	A man is in a building .	entailment
A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it .	A dog is in the kitchen with an woman .	entailment
A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it .	The dog is decorating the gingerbread house .	contradiction
Three men , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	A man is asleep and dreaming while sitting on a bench .	neutral
A white woman waiting in line .	The woman is eating dinner .	contradiction
A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk .	The man caries the girl	contradiction
A lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	A woman and her husband are at a baseball game .	neutral
A lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	Two people , one with a hat , can see baseball from where they are .	entailment
A woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The woman in blue looks at her dirty hands and feels that they could use a good washing , as well as the filthy old truck .	neutral
A woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The woman in blue pants and shirt looks up at the truck with disgust , as she has never seen anything so dirty .	contradiction
A woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The truck that the woman in blue is standing next to could really use a good cleaning , as it 's surrounded in mud .	entailment
A bald man is getting out of a small blue car .	The bald man got out of a red truck .	contradiction
A bald man is getting out of a small blue car .	The man drives a blue car .	neutral
A man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake .	A man stands alone on a beach .	contradiction
A man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake .	A couple on vacation .	neutral
A man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake .	A couple holds hands on the shore .	entailment
A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand	entailment
A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed bell pepper in one hand	contradiction
A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A young smiling girl is holding a cute stuffed animal in one hand	entailment
Man with tattoo is lying down in the sand next to a cow .	The man is at a farm .	neutral
A man , with a blue wrapping around his foot , is about to kick another man , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a man is going to kick another man	entailment
A man , with a blue wrapping around his foot , is about to kick another man , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a kitten drinks milk	contradiction
A man , with a blue wrapping around his foot , is about to kick another man , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a man is going to kick another man for stealing his watch	neutral
A child looks at a cactus garden .	A child in a red shirt is looking at a massive cactus garden in the desert .	neutral
A child looks at a cactus garden .	A child is looking at a red wall .	contradiction
A man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person , laughing .	two people running a race	contradiction
A man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby .	A man and woman show off their baby .	entailment
A man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby .	A man shows off his baseball cards .	contradiction
A crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow .	A crowd of people gathers in a street n winter time .	entailment
A crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow .	Sasquatch is riding a bike on the street .	contradiction
Two males and one female playing in a fountain of water .	The men and woman are splashing each other in the fountain .	neutral
Two males and one female playing in a fountain of water .	There are people in the fountain .	entailment
Two young children , one wearing a red striped shirt , are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind .	A person in a shirt	entailment
Two young children , one wearing a red striped shirt , are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind .	A tall child in a shirt	neutral
A man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	A man is carrying a bag .	entailment
A man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	A man is carrying a bag full of bread .	neutral
A woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A woman covers part of her face .	entailment
A woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A woman is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching .	neutral
A person just about to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photos .	The person water-skiing is about to hit a big wave .	neutral
A person just about to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photos .	A person is driving an airplane over the mountains .	contradiction
A man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	A man and woman look at their hands in front of a building	entailment
A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	A dog is on the beach .	entailment
Three people on bikes are coming over a ridge , while a man in orange watches .	People are in a bike race .	neutral
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks .	A man is trying to finish his sculpture for a church	neutral
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks .	A man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks .	A man is wearing a white shirt	entailment
The man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a man digs to see what he can find .	entailment
The man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a man is digging for gold .	neutral
This is a clown at an elementary school .	The clown is at a children 's school .	entailment
A man is standing outside next to a garbage can .	A young black man stands beside an overfilled garbage can .	neutral
A man is standing outside next to a garbage can .	An owl sits in a tree late at night .	contradiction
A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach .	The girl with the dark hair is running in the sand .	entailment
A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach .	The dark haired girl is running away from a wave .	neutral
A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach .	The dark haired girl is asking for directions on the street .	contradiction
Two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day .	Two men sit in the snow and smoke .	contradiction
Two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day .	A couple people are doing activities on a nice day in a boat .	entailment
Two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day .	Two men fish in a boat on a river on a sunny day .	neutral
A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	A lady in black leather trench coat , with matching black leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her bag strapped to her shoulders	entailment
A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	Several young models in leather coats and boots are giving the cameramen a very good parade .	neutral
People gathered around a table with food and wine on it .	A man is riding a bicycle down the large hill .	contradiction
People gathered around a table with food and wine on it .	The family is sitting at Thanksgiving dinner , preparing to dine together .	neutral
People gathered around a table with food and wine on it .	Food and wine are on the table that has many people surrounding it .	entailment
A man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A baseball game is going on in a park .	neutral
A man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A naked man hit a baseball .	contradiction
A man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background .	A man is resting in a stream	entailment
Little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train .	A boy is playing with his scale model train .	neutral
An older man sleeping in a folding chair on the street .	An older man sleeps in a hospital bed .	contradiction
A young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body .	The man was laying by the pool .	contradiction
A young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body .	A man was swimming in the pool .	entailment
A woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill .	A woman skis down a hill with a few friends .	neutral
A man and a child are laughing at each other .	A man and his daughter are making funny faces .	neutral
A man and a child are laughing at each other .	A man is talking on the phone while his teenage son is asleep .	contradiction
A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The water flies off of the dog	entailment
A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The dog will return to the lake soon	neutral
A man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	A big person in a shirt	neutral
A man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	A person in a shirt	entailment
Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A male reads a book while seated on a bench .	entailment
A woman in an office making a phone call	A woman is making a business phone call .	neutral
A woman in an office making a phone call	A woman is making a phone call in an office environment .	entailment
The large white bird grazes the water .	The bird is touching the water	entailment
A woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A woman is pointing her camera upwards , while standing at a wall .	entailment
A woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A woman is attempting to photograph a bird in the sky .	neutral
A woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A woman is holding a hot dog , sitting on a brick wall .	contradiction
An old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards .	A young woman and old man are playing poker .	contradiction
An old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards .	An old woman and young man are playing bingo .	entailment
An old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards .	A woman and man are checking their bingo cards to see if they won	neutral
A lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her .	A woman is standing with her back to a dog .	contradiction
A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic .	The traffic made a guy fall asleep .	neutral
A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic .	A person has lost it by laying down in a busy street while there is bad traffic .	entailment
A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic .	The traffic was not to bad today the guy made it home early and took a nap .	contradiction
A child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl , with two other children looking on .	A kid draws a picture of a girl	entailment
A child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl , with two other children looking on .	A kid paints a picture	entailment
A child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl , with two other children looking on .	A kid draws a picture of his crush	neutral
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A person riding a bike home after work .	neutral
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A person riding a bike outside .	entailment
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A person riding a skateboard down a steep hill .	contradiction
A woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags .	A lady is taking a bath	contradiction
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing .	There is a bride and groom behind the little boy .	entailment
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing .	The little boy is laying on his head .	contradiction
A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is skating down the street .	entailment
A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is speeding down the street .	neutral
A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is standing in football field .	contradiction
A man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A man is fishing on a boat .	neutral
A man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down .	A man in green threw his soccer ball at the dog .	contradiction
A man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down .	A man wearing green kicks a soccer ball while a man wearing a purple and white outfit falls down .	entailment
A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A man in a suit with real gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands	neutral
A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A man in a suit with gold bricks and a name tag gestures with his hands	contradiction
A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands	entailment
A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .	A man and a woman are seated	contradiction
A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .	A man and a woman are standing	entailment
A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .	A man and a woman are talking	neutral
A small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The girl is on a beach .	contradiction
people looking at dirty water .	A mountain is full of snow .	contradiction
Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	Two parents and two children are sitting in a field of grass .	neutral
Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	No one is sitting in the field of grass .	contradiction
A squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road .	A squirrel is situated in an upright position near the road .	entailment
A squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road .	A squirrel is sleeping in the tree .	contradiction
A man wearing red swim trunks and a red swimming cap is diving off a cliff .	A man in blue trunks is sitting on the cliff .	contradiction
A little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks .	A little girl is wearing a pink dress .	contradiction
A little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks .	A little girl is wearing a dress .	entailment
A group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street .	A group of people are considering whether to shop at the store .	neutral
One many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him .	A man is in the desert	contradiction
A man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt .	Guys at a campsite , building a fire .	contradiction
A man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt .	A man is having a conversation with his friend while fishing .	entailment
A man and a woman sitting down laughing .	The man and woman are mad at each other .	contradiction
A man and a woman sitting down laughing .	The man and woman are having a good time .	entailment
A man and a woman sitting down laughing .	The man and woman are husband and wife .	neutral
A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game , but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game	entailment
A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game , but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A photographer is taking many photos of a hockey game	entailment
A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game , but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A photographer is taking x-rays of a hockey game	contradiction
A group of people sitting around a table eating food .	People are at a table eating Christmas dinner .	neutral
A group of people sitting around a table eating food .	A person eats a tv dinner while sitting on the couch .	contradiction
A group of people sitting around a table eating food .	People are at a table eating food .	entailment
A boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar .	A boy is playing guitar .	entailment
A boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar .	A boy is playing piano .	contradiction
A man in a red plaid shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a man in an empty park	contradiction
A girl jumping high off of the sand .	There is a girl on the sand .	entailment
A girl jumping high off of the sand .	The girl is jogging on the beach .	contradiction
A picture of an artwork that depicts a man being flown by birds that is in font of a construction area .	The picture is of a man riding on a dinosaur 's back .	contradiction
A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A happy woman is holding rope .	entailment
A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A woman is trying to lasso a cow that escaped .	neutral
Woman standing in a store with an item in hand .	A woman in a store is shopping .	neutral
Woman standing in a store with an item in hand .	A woman is in the store .	entailment
A police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street .	A policewoman is sitting on the motorcycle behind the parked car .	neutral
A police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street .	A person is on a bike .	contradiction
A drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man .	A young boy and girl embrace in front of monkeys at the zoo .	contradiction
A drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man .	A drunk looking woman in a Yankees shirt is hugging a drunk looking man in a Red Sox shirt .	neutral
A group of Amish people , men and women , standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river .	The people are from the same family .	neutral
A group of Amish people , men and women , standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river .	Several people are standing outside near water .	entailment
A boy and a girl stand in a median amongst Mike Huckabee signs .	The boy and girl stand on the lakeshore .	contradiction
A man is hanging sausages in a market .	A sad man is hanging sausages in a market .	neutral
A man is hanging sausages in a market .	A woman is hanging sausages in a market .	contradiction
A man is hanging sausages in a market .	A person is hanging sausages in a market .	entailment
People dresses in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his cellular phone .	The people are dressed in street clothes .	contradiction
A tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk .	A tattooed man clicking on a mouse on a desk .	contradiction
A tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk .	A large tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk .	neutral
A tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk .	A woman clicking on a mouse on a desk .	entailment
A person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path .	The person is wading through water .	contradiction
A lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady is searching for food in garbage	neutral
A man and woman look upward on a city block .	A man and woman are scuba diving .	contradiction
A man and woman look upward on a city block .	A man and woman are on a boat .	contradiction
A man and woman look upward on a city block .	A man and woman are in a metropolitan area .	entailment
Some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain .	Cars and tents are at the foot of the mountain .	entailment
The firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire .	A firefighter rescues a cat from a house fire .	contradiction
Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man rides a bike for the first time	neutral
Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike rides a man for its first time	neutral
Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man rides a bike	entailment
A man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas .	A man talks to his boss while getting gas for his car .	neutral
A man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas .	A man is getting gas for his car while he talks on his cellphone .	entailment
A man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas .	A man orders a beer and relaxes .	contradiction
A young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a little boy is eating cake	entailment
A young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a boy is eating cake	entailment
A young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a girl is eating cake	contradiction
A young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a child has chocolate all over his hand	entailment
A young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a child eats food with his hands	entailment
A man in a hard hat looks intimidated .	He is working in a potentially dangerous field that requires a hard hat .	entailment
Six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking trough books and other material displayed on the table .	A man and a young boy are playing a game on a quilt on the floor .	contradiction
Children , including one with a painted face , pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass .	Turtles are crawling in the light green grass .	neutral
Four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by .	Four people sitting by the water .	entailment
Four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by .	Four people sitting near the ocean .	neutral
a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture	A long haired guy is working with sand .	entailment
a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture	A guy is in a sand castle building competition .	neutral
A woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk .	The woman in a red dress is outdoors .	entailment
a woman walking down the street .	A woman rides a bike .	contradiction
a woman walking down the street .	A lady is walking down a street .	entailment
A woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone .	A woman is running on the track .	contradiction
A woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone .	A woman is talking to her boyfriend on the phone .	neutral
A woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone .	A woman is talking on her phone and walking down a sidewalk .	entailment
A lady stands outside of a Mexican market .	A girl is enjoying food at a Mexican festival with friends	neutral
A lady stands outside of a Mexican market .	A girl is enjoying food at a Mexican festival	neutral
An old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building .	The building is brick .	contradiction
A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy .	A street performer and young boy are entertaining passersby .	entailment
There is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk .	The garbage man sweeps up where the can spilled .	neutral
Young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day ; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crab on the table next to him .	Gandalf and the red toy crab do battle in the streets .	contradiction
A man and a woman are laughing .	A man and woman are laughing at a joke .	neutral
A man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore .	A man is playing video games on his phone .	contradiction
A man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore .	A man is reading a book he just bought .	neutral
A man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore .	A man is reading on a bench outside of a store .	entailment
A person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	a individual on a table holds a water near a stroller	entailment
A person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	a mom takes a break in a park	neutral
Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train .	The lady is listening to music through headphones .	neutral
Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train .	The lady is reading a book .	contradiction
Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train .	There is a lady with an orange scarf , brown boots , and brown jacket on the train listening to music .	entailment
A yellow car drives across a snowy path .	A yellow car is driving in the snow in the winter .	entailment
A yellow car drives across a snowy path .	A taxi cab is driving down a path of snow .	neutral
A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents .	A crowd of people stand in the street .	entailment
A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents .	A crowd of people are standing at a platform waiting for a train .	contradiction
A young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event .	The young couple are looking at goods being sold by the street vendors .	neutral
A young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event .	The outdoor street event has attracted many people .	entailment
A man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face .	The man is waiting for his friend to come meet up with him .	neutral
A young child dressed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , pants , and boots , outside playing in the snow .	A child plays in the snow while dressed in warm winter clothes .	entailment
A young child dressed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , pants , and boots , outside playing in the snow .	A child plays with a sled in the snow while dressed warmly .	neutral
An older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An older man is dancing at a club .	contradiction
A man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall .	The man is in costume	entailment
A young girl with purple pants , a striped jacket , and a white hat is climbing up a ladder made of logs .	A girl is climbing up to see scenery .	neutral
A group of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A group of people and a dog are waiting for the plumber .	neutral
A group of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A group of people are sitting with a dog .	entailment
A bearded man , using a wooden pole , stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water .	A man has hair on his face .	entailment
A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair .	A guy is outside in the snow	entailment
A dad with his child and an apple pie .	A dad and his child are eating apple pie .	entailment
A blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A woman is in the sunshine .	neutral
A blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A woman is brushing her hair with a fork .	contradiction
A young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch .	A boy is getting ready to carve his pumpkin .	neutral
A man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water .	The man is watching boats pass by while sitting on the hill .	neutral
A man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water .	A man is wearing a dress while dancing in the park .	contradiction
A man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water .	The man wearing a hat is seated , slightly elevated , facing the water .	entailment
A brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	A dog stands in the water .	entailment
A young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A young woman reads near the ocean .	entailment
A young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A young woman is reading a Nicholas Sparks book on the beach .	neutral
An older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street .	The man is a tattoo artist .	neutral
An older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street .	The man works with a tattoo business .	entailment
A man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	The man is wearing a baseball cap .	contradiction
A man examines his facial hair .	The man is looking at his face .	entailment
A man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery .	The man is examining a machine .	entailment
A game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike .	A bunch of people are playing a game .	entailment
A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A woman packages candy for a friend	neutral
A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A woman sews a dress	contradiction
A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A woman puts candy away	entailment
Two performers , one man playing a guitar , and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing .	A man and woman are kissing in a car .	contradiction
Two performers , one man playing a guitar , and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing .	A man and a woman are performing a song together .	entailment
Two performers , one man playing a guitar , and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing .	The man and woman are doing karaoke together at a bar .	neutral
A man in dark clothing walking in a transit station .	A man wearing a white suit at a wedding .	contradiction
A man in dark clothing walking in a transit station .	A man walking through a transit station .	entailment
Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting	Six people are in a dessert .	entailment
A lady wearing a blue dress and earrings , is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table .	The woman is standing by a lake .	contradiction
A lady wearing a blue dress and earrings , is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table .	A woman near a table .	entailment
One man , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a market .	The man is driving down the street .	contradiction
One man , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a market .	The man is standing on a truck .	entailment
A person flying through the air on a bicycle .	A person is riding his bike up the hill .	contradiction
A person flying through the air on a bicycle .	A person just lost control as they flew off the curb on their bike .	neutral
A person flying through the air on a bicycle .	A person is on a bike .	entailment
Two men are fixing the side of an old brick building .	People painting in a house .	contradiction
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .	A cute dog was chasing the cat through they alley .	contradiction
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .	A dog was sniffing his food before eating it .	contradiction
A person sitting on the corner , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door .	The person is sitting on the floor .	neutral
Three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine .	A line of people at an ATM .	entailment
A man and women sleeping outside on a bench .	A man and women sleeping together outside on a park bench .	entailment
A man and women sleeping outside on a bench .	A couple asleep on a bench outside .	entailment
A man and women sleeping outside on a bench .	A man and a woman feeding eachother food at a table .	contradiction
A young boy gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A young boy gets his photo taken .	entailment
A young boy gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A young girl gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	contradiction
A young boy gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A young boy 's mother takes his photo with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	neutral
A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings .	A woman is sitting outside in the rain .	contradiction
A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings .	A person is covering their face and hair .	entailment
A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings .	A man is working in a restaurant .	neutral
One lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store .	one lady looks at a box while another looks at her phone	entailment
One lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store .	one lady looks at a product while another looks the product up on her phone	neutral
One lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store .	one lady eats a box while the other fights a tiger	contradiction
A group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal .	The people are at the beach .	neutral
A kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race .	Kids playing a video game as the light of dawn peeks through the windows .	contradiction
A kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race .	A team of youths race to finish first in a relay race on a beach .	entailment
Passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street .	An old taxi drives on a street .	neutral
Passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street .	A car drives on a street .	entailment
A man in a white shirt taking a picture .	a man takes a picture	entailment
A man in a white shirt taking a picture .	the man is a photographer	neutral
A woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot .	A woman is standing next to a flower pot .	entailment
A woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot .	A woman is standing next to a flower pot in her own home .	contradiction
A woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot .	A woman is a dress is standing next to a flower pot .	contradiction
A man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A man is sleeping in a sleeping bag .	contradiction
A white dog next to a basement window .	A dog next to a window	entailment
A white dog next to a basement window .	A cat next to a window	contradiction
A man in a strange uniform taking a photo of an old-fashioned red sports car .	A person taking a photo .	entailment
A man in a strange uniform taking a photo of an old-fashioned red sports car .	A tourist takes a picture of the city skyline at dusk .	contradiction
A little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A girl in a hat is walking her ox to get home .	neutral
A little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A little girl is riding her ox in a desert .	contradiction
A little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A little girl is in a field .	entailment
A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean .	A surfer relaxing on the beach .	contradiction
A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean .	A daring man in the surf .	neutral
A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean .	A person in the water .	entailment
A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate .	A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air	entailment
A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate .	A man is happily celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air	entailment
A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate .	A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting guns in the air	contradiction
A man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The man is walking down the street .	entailment
A man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The man is wearing a green shirt .	contradiction
A man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The man is on his way to a movie .	neutral
A woman and a young girl are eating side by side .	A mother and her daughter eating sandwiches together .	neutral
A young Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike , as a young boy , with his bike down , looks up .	The young boy rides his bike as hard as he can .	contradiction
A young Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike , as a young boy , with his bike down , looks up .	The young boy 's bike is broken .	neutral
A young Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike , as a young boy , with his bike down , looks up .	This young boy is shorter than this young woman .	neutral
A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event .	The woman is wearing a blue shirt .	entailment
A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event .	The woman is wearing a red shirt .	contradiction
A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A man eats a doughnut with his coffee .	neutral
A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A person is drinking coffee .	entailment
A man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle	entailment
A man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle of punch	neutral
A man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle	this guy is jumping rope	contradiction
A happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	A woman is cooking dinner for the guests .	neutral
A happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	A woman is cooking .	entailment
A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV .	A boy and girl are waiting patiently in line .	contradiction
A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV .	A boy is pushing a girl on a toy SUV inside of a nice house .	neutral
A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV .	A boy and a girl are playing .	entailment
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign .	The man is deciding whether is should watch a movie at the theater or not .	neutral
A man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery , with a cloudy sky overhead .	A man has hair .	neutral
A bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of Spiderman .	A man wearing a costume	entailment
A bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of Spiderman .	A man dressing for a show	neutral
A lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a bike during a storm in the desert .	contradiction
A man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and laughing .	neutral
A man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A man with a red beard and mustache .	entailment
A man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A man is sleeping in his bed .	contradiction
A man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes .	A woman and a man walk down the street .	entailment
A young boy sits curiously on a rock near the water , looking at his reflection .	A kid is outside looking into the water .	entailment
A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street .	A young woman wearing a yellow dress sitting in the sand at a packed beach .	contradiction
A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street .	A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with real red flowers talking to her boyfriend on her cellphone as she walks down a quiet street sidewalk .	neutral
A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street .	A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with red flowers talking on her cellphone as she walks down the street sidewalk outside .	entailment
Some youngsters are playing a card game	cat stares at dog	contradiction
a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station .	A construction team working in a subway station .	entailment
A man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky .	A man is riding a skateboard	entailment
A grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat .	There is a man on a boat .	entailment
A grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat .	The hungover man drives his boat to work .	neutral
A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street .	A man with a duffel bag walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street .	entailment
A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street .	A man with a duffel bag walks along side a girl pushing a cart down a busy street .	neutral
A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street .	A man with a breif case stands near a corner as a woman walks past .	contradiction
A woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue .	A friend in white givers her blue dressed friend something .	neutral
A woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue .	A woman in white hands something to a woman in blue .	entailment
A woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette .	A woman is walking down the street of shops .	entailment
A woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette .	A woman is window shopping for a new outfit .	neutral
A woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette .	A woman is sitting on a train .	contradiction
A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride 's veil .	The newlyweds are kissing in a church during the wedding .	neutral
A white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field .	A woman says Hi to another woman at the grocery store .	contradiction
A white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field .	A man pushing away another man on the soccer field .	entailment
A white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field .	A man pushing away another man on the soccer field because he pushed him first .	neutral
A woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather .	A woman is taking a picture in cold weather .	entailment
A woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather .	A woman is taking a picture with an older woman .	neutral
A woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather .	A man is running errands on his bike .	contradiction
A woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind .	The woman is riding her bike to conserve fuel use .	neutral
A woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind .	The lady is riding a bike .	entailment
A woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind .	The lady is driving a huge truck .	contradiction
A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The man is holding a pencil .	entailment
A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The man is drawing a picture .	neutral
A group of young people pose for a picture in a field	The young people are taking a picture inside .	contradiction
A little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on .	There are people riding the bus after school	neutral
A little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on .	There are people riding the bus	entailment
A little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on .	There are people watching the bus pass by	contradiction
A young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup .	A kid is holding a soda can and walking through the park .	neutral
A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .	The man poses with a yellow flower .	entailment
A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .	The man is near a red flower .	contradiction
A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .	The man stands before the camera outside .	entailment
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area .	There is one child in this picture , and he is outside .	entailment
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area .	The boy is playing video games upstairs in his room .	contradiction
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area .	The boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree .	neutral
A man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus .	A man is traveling to see his best friend .	neutral
A man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus .	A boy is sweeping the sidewalk .	contradiction
A man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus .	A guy is riding the bus .	entailment
A large group of people gather at a piano bar .	A group of men at a piano bar	neutral
A large group of people gather at a piano bar .	One person at a piano bar	contradiction
A shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk .	A man is working at a car wash	contradiction
Man seated in a uniform that says `` Polizes '' on the shoulder looking out a window with a clipboard , some papers , and a computer in front of him .	The man is playing a guitar .	contradiction
Three military officials are battling a fire my a building .	Three military offcials battle a fire after an accidental explosion .	neutral
A man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses .	A man with thinning hair .	entailment
A senior citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones .	The man is bringing the ice cream cone to another person .	neutral
A senior citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones .	The man is sitting on a bench .	contradiction
A woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	A woman wearing big red sunglasses is frowning .	neutral
A woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	A woman wearing sunglasses is not smiling .	entailment
A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	A man standing in front of a vehicle .	entailment
A person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people .	A person is alone in a dark room .	contradiction
A young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water .	A girl checks her phone on a boat .	entailment
Some people are relaxing in front of a large red building .	Lots of people are walking by a small red building .	contradiction
A woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot .	A woman is lying in the grass .	entailment
A woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot .	A woman is sitting on a park bench wearing sandals .	contradiction
A woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot .	A woman is taking a break and lying in the grass .	neutral
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman 's hair .	A woman and young girl celebrating together .	neutral
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman 's hair .	A woman bathing her daughter .	contradiction
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman 's hair .	A young girl putting confetti in a lady 's hair .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grill .	A man in a blue shirt stands by a grill .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grill .	A man bakes a cake .	contradiction
A man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people .	A man is pointing into the ear and wearing a light striped shirt .	entailment
A man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people .	A man is pointing into the foot and wearing a striped shirt .	contradiction
A man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people .	A man is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt .	entailment
A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass .	A girl is chasing a rabbit .	contradiction
A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass .	A boy is running home after school .	neutral
A woman in black is getting ready in her bathroom .	The woman is in the bathroom	entailment
An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a young man in a blue t-shirt passing by .	The man 's shirt is black .	contradiction
Bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him .	A woman is walking after a man who is running from her .	contradiction
A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is skating with a hockey stick	contradiction
Men sitting at a table in a church .	The ornate church contains chatting people .	neutral
Men sitting at a table in a church .	There are people at a table .	entailment
A man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence .	There is a statue behind a person .	neutral
A man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence .	A person is strolling with a bag .	entailment
A man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence .	A person is cooking hot dogs at the beach .	contradiction
A man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed .	The man and the boy are taking a nap on the bunk beds .	contradiction
A man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed .	The man and boy are in a bedroom .	neutral
A white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path	A black dog walks on a concrete path .	contradiction
A white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path	A white dog runs on a dirt path .	entailment
A white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path	A dog runs on a path .	entailment
A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree .	A woman climbing down a tree .	entailment
A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree .	A woman with red hair .	entailment
A woman in a gray dress walks down the street .	The woman is eating lunch .	contradiction
A woman in a gray dress walks down the street .	The woman is walking to the shop .	neutral
A man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	A man sitting on a bench outside .	contradiction
A man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	A man walks down the sidewalk wearing headphones .	entailment
A man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	An old man listening to rock walking down the sidewalk .	neutral
A man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	A man walks down the sidewalk listening to music through headphones .	entailment
Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting .	A dog runs after a squirrel .	neutral
A man in gray on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .	The man is underwater looking for fish .	contradiction
A man in gray on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .	A man can see mountains from where he stands .	entailment
A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .	A smiling boy walking and a frowning girl with a phone .	contradiction
A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .	A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a cellphone .	entailment
A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .	A girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .	entailment
Children on the beach with their dog .	The children are at the ocean with their dog .	entailment
A jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	People having a parade on a street .	neutral
A jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	One person walking on the street .	contradiction
A jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	A group of people on the street .	entailment
Two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side .	Two people are walking down an alley .	entailment
Two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side .	Two people are walking down an alley on their way home from work .	neutral
Two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side .	Two people are sitting in an alley .	contradiction
An older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas .	An older looking couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant outside .	entailment
An older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas .	An older looking couple is glancing through a glass window of a busy restaurant .	neutral
An older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas .	An older looking couple is riding in the back of a taxi in the middle of a city .	contradiction
A dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A man takes his lunch break in the park .	neutral
People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	people on boat	entailment
People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	people having boat party	neutral
A man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air .	A man tossing his son into the air .	neutral
A man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air .	A man tossing a girl into the air .	contradiction
A man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air .	A man tossing a child into the air .	entailment
Phone to her ear , a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her ear , a woman bends forward	entailment
Phone to her ear , a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her ear , a woman bends slowly forward	neutral
A woman is leaning down while talking to her phone .	The woman is speaking into a cow bladder	contradiction
A woman is leaning down while talking to her phone .	A woman is using a phone	entailment
The man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks .	The man is shirtless on the beach .	contradiction
The man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks .	A man is wearing a blue shirt .	entailment
A man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	The man 's shirt is white .	contradiction
A child sits in a tree holding a branch .	A child sits in a tree .	entailment
Customers are ordering food at a cafe .	There are customers at a cafe ordering food .	entailment
A mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car .	The mom and boy are at an amusement park .	entailment
A mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car .	The mom and boy are on a roller coaster .	contradiction
A mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car .	The mom is letting the boy steer the bumpercar	neutral
A man in an orange hat holds a ball .	A man in an orange hat is getting ready to throw a ball .	neutral
A man in an orange hat holds a ball .	A man in a blue hat drops the ball .	contradiction
A girl in a purple top , baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss , while another girl in black watches .	A girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone watches .	neutral
A girl in a purple top , baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss , while another girl in black watches .	A girl is smoking a cigar in a pool hall .	contradiction
A girl in a purple top , baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss , while another girl in black watches .	A girl blows a kiss as another girl sees it .	entailment
An Asian man makes faces for the camera .	The man is wearing a white shirt .	neutral
A casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing .	A woman looks away after recognizing her ex-boyfriend kissing his new girl .	neutral
A male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game .	A woman runs down the field .	contradiction
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A couple hang out on the beach .	neutral
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A matching couple cools down in the rain .	neutral
The man in the white shirt holds up a playing card .	The man has a playing card in his hand .	entailment
a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field .	A dog is riding in the car .	contradiction
A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress .	A woman has a blue shirt	entailment
A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress .	A woman just won a 5k race	neutral
A woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole .	A person wearing a sweating in a street	entailment
A woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole .	A person waiting for a friend	neutral
Man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street .	A man is talking to his wife on the phone while walking down the street .	neutral
Man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street .	A person on a phone is outdoors	entailment
Man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street .	A man is driving down a busy road .	contradiction
A man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	A man stands near a fire hydrant .	contradiction
A man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	A man is stealing parts from a motorcycle .	neutral
A man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	A man is down beside a motorcycle .	entailment
A man wearing a purple cap , yellow snow goggles , a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree .	The man is making a snow angel .	contradiction
A man wearing a purple cap , yellow snow goggles , a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree .	A man is moving quickly through the snow .	entailment
A young black man is getting his hair buzzed off .	The lady is at the hair salon .	contradiction
A young black man is getting his hair buzzed off .	A man is getting a hair cut .	entailment
A young black man is getting his hair buzzed off .	The man has long hair .	neutral
Four men and three women , all in their beach attire , hang around a small cliff by the ocean as one man is about to dive into the water .	Tall people in beach attire	neutral
A young woman in white working in a professional kitchen .	The woman is sitting in the bedroom .	contradiction
A young woman in white working in a professional kitchen .	A young woman dressed in white works in a very good kitchen	entailment
Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera .	a dog is in a pond	neutral
A female child in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laughing as her hair is sticking up .	A child yells angrily at her mother .	contradiction
A female child in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laughing as her hair is sticking up .	A child laughs as her hair sticks up .	entailment
A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water .	The boy is looking at another boy .	entailment
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd .	a man takes a picture of two men in a crowd .	entailment
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd .	A girl takes a photo of a dog .	contradiction
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd .	a man takes a picture of another people in a crowd .	entailment
An old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door .	A man wearing a blue shirt and white pants	entailment
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch .	A man is riding a horse .	contradiction
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch .	A man is being tortured by other people .	neutral
A man with no shirt on is holding a football .	A man poses for a photo with a football .	neutral
A man with no shirt on is holding a football .	A man rolls on the ground on fire .	contradiction
A man in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a car and lights are shining in the distance .	A man is refuelling his car .	neutral
A man in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a car and lights are shining in the distance .	A man is playing video games at his house .	contradiction
An elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a woman holding a scruffy dog	entailment
An elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a woman holding her scruffy dog	entailment
An elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a woman holding a scruffy cat	contradiction
A group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left .	A group of people are sitting in a business room when they notice something on the left .	neutral
A group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left .	The group of people are game developers creating a new video game in their office .	neutral
A bike is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background .	There is a computer with people seated nearby and a woman standing nearby them inside Winter Sport , which is a store with a bike next to it .	entailment
A bike is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background .	A woman has left her bike outside a store while she goes inside .	neutral
A bike is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background .	A woman rides her bike away from a store .	contradiction
A man wearing a black t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow taxi cab .	A man is wearing a clever shirt .	entailment
A young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A man wears his hat on his foot .	contradiction
A young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A man is wearing a hat .	entailment
A young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A man is wearing a cowboy hat .	contradiction
A group of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A group of people are protesting in front of a building .	neutral
A group of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A man in a blue shirt poses for the camera .	contradiction
A group of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A group of people are standing in front of a building .	entailment
Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	The dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forest .	neutral
A young boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding .	A young boy wearing a hat is cold while he sleds .	neutral
A young boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding .	A boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by himself .	entailment
A shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag .	The man is not wearing a shirt .	entailment
A shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag .	The man is wearing a nice shirt and jacket .	contradiction
A young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on .	A man is twisting a balloon into the shape of a dog .	neutral
A young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on .	A man is making cotton candy for the children .	contradiction
An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	A boy is walking on the street	neutral
Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set .	neutral
Boy in backpack crossing the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy .	The boy is on his way home from school .	neutral
A woman is sitting outside at a table , using a knife to cut into a sandwich .	A woman is sitting outside waiting for her friend .	neutral
Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket , sunglasses , brown leather boots , silver designer handbag , sitting on a fire engine red park bench .	A nicely dressed woman is sitting in the park .	entailment
Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket , sunglasses , brown leather boots , silver designer handbag , sitting on a fire engine red park bench .	A homeless man is sitting on a park bench .	contradiction
A woman wearing a red work man 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .	A woman in outdoor clothes is hiking .	entailment
A man holds up a sign that reads `` tattoo '' as many people walk near him .	A man is holding a sign a yelling `` tattoo '' .	neutral
A man holds up a sign that reads `` tattoo '' as many people walk near him .	Two people are sitting in a coffee shop .	contradiction
A man holds up a sign that reads `` tattoo '' as many people walk near him .	A man is holding a tattoo sign .	entailment
An elderly woman with a tan nun uniform on and glasses is taking a picture with her camera .	A woman is trying to take pictures of the world 's largest tree	neutral
A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A person throws a toy for a dog .	entailment
A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A dog is looking for a toy .	entailment
A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A dog is looking for a cat .	contradiction
A man and a woman , both wearing sunglasses , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	A couple posing for the camera .	entailment
A man and a woman , both wearing sunglasses , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	A man and woman wearing sunglasses .	entailment
Repairing the roof of a school on the coastline .	Women are fixing a school roof .	neutral
Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit .	The child is drinking at a bar .	contradiction
A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat .	The baby and the cat are in the living room .	neutral
A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat .	The baby and the cat are in the same room	entailment
A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat .	There is not a cat near the baby .	contradiction
The dog is in the snow in front of some trees .	A dog is playing in the snow .	neutral
The dog is in the snow in front of some trees .	A dog is in the snow .	entailment
The dog is in the snow in front of some trees .	A cat plays in the snow .	contradiction
A young boy is playing in the sandy water .	There is a boy in the water .	entailment
A young boy is playing in the sandy water .	A young boy is playing in the grass .	contradiction
A young boy is playing in the sandy water .	The boy is playing at the beach .	neutral
An elderly firefighter in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out .	A firefighter is holding a fire hose with water comping out .	entailment
A child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled .	A child is playing in the snow .	entailment
A child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled .	A child is playing in the snow with his friends .	neutral
A woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket .	A lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black .	entailment
A woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket .	A lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black outside of a church .	neutral
A boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water .	The boy is running through the surf towards his family that are swimming .	neutral
A boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water .	The boy is running towards a bigger group of people .	entailment
A boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water .	A boy ca n't swim so he did n't go to the beach with his family .	contradiction
A man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A man is sitting at a table .	contradiction
A child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers .	The boy has a gift for his mother .	neutral
A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	A woman has a helmet on a motorcycle .	contradiction
A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	An 20 year old man has an orange shirt .	neutral
Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party .	A man is at his sisters party .	neutral
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	Two people are near some other people .	entailment
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	There is a group of people at a music festival .	neutral
A man on a ladder in tall grass .	The man is seated on his couch in his living room .	contradiction
A man wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him .	A man sits at his computer sipping coffee .	contradiction
A man running in a race passes by spectators .	A man is running by people who are watching .	entailment
Topless girl riding a red bike .	The woman is wearing a shirt .	contradiction
Topless girl riding a red bike .	A woman is on a bike .	entailment
A man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another man is standing behind him .	A guy is looking over the side of a building with someone else .	entailment
A man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another man is standing behind him .	Two men can not see each other because there is a wall in their way .	contradiction
Middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom .	The man is brushing the leaves off his car .	contradiction
Middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom .	The man is getting his car ready for work .	neutral
Middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom .	The man is cleaning off his car .	entailment
Man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books .	A couple under a table of goldfish .	contradiction
Four women carrying shoulder bags are walking down a city sidewalk .	Four women are running away from a man in the city .	contradiction
White dog playing in the snow .	The dog has cold paws from the snow .	neutral
White dog playing in the snow .	The dog enjoys the snow .	entailment
Four women and two men are in a kitchen , cooking near a long table with a white tablecloth .	Tall people cooking	neutral
A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .	A man on vacation is at the ocean .	neutral
A man falling off a bull as the animal jumps into the air .	An animal jumps as a male falls .	entailment
Several people are waiting in a metro station .	The people are all waiting for the same train .	neutral
Several people are waiting in a metro station .	The people are outside in the snow .	contradiction
A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting .	A small child dressed for winter stares across a floating lake while leaning on a mesh fence	entailment
A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting .	A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence	entailment
A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting .	A small child dressed for winter stares across a large lake while leaning on a mesh fence	entailment
A man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward .	a man walks near a police sign	entailment
An Asian man is performing with face paint on .	The Asian man is at home in bed .	contradiction
An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background .	An old elephant in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him	contradiction
An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background .	An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him .	entailment
An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background .	An ugly old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him	neutral
The brown , furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him .	There is a furry animal in the grass .	entailment
The brown , furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him .	The animal is climbing a tree .	contradiction
The brown , furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him .	The animal is walking through a forest .	neutral
A man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by .	The man is running the train into another train .	contradiction
A man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by .	A man is riding a tiny train and sees another man on a different train .	entailment
Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	Four people are walking along a mountain trail .	entailment
Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	Four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down before the storm .	neutral
A silver car is passing by the entrance of the Hotel Carmel , and several people are outside .	There are people outside the hotel .	entailment
A woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door .	The woman is carrying a bag with her laptop .	neutral
A passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat .	A man is taking a picture of a school of whales in Hawaii .	neutral
A passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat .	A man is taking a picture of a goldfish .	contradiction
A passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat .	A man is using a camera .	entailment
Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers .	A dog is dressed up for Halloween and is trying to get flowers for his masters costume .	neutral
Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers .	A small animal is trying to get some plant life .	entailment
Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers .	A dog is trying to eat a dangling kitten on a tree .	contradiction
A man in a boom lift bucket welds .	A man is painting .	contradiction
A young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	A raven haired woman is seen by the crowd holding a white opened umbrella .	entailment
A young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	The dark haired girl is making a scene amoungst the crowd for hitting people with her umbrella .	contradiction
There 's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system .	A red bus at a bus stop	contradiction
An older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics .	the old lady looks into the mirror to choose which makeup she will buy	neutral
An older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics .	the old lady looks into the mirror at the makeup table	entailment
An older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics .	the old lady plays tennis with a dog	contradiction
A woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream .	A woman is standing in a kitchen .	neutral
A woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream .	A woman in an apron is cooking spaghetti .	contradiction
three teenagers wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with several other people in the background .	a number of young people run on a beach	entailment
Overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an `` angry `` man `` chokes '' a woman who sticks out her tongue .	A man is hugging the woman	contradiction
Overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an `` angry `` man `` chokes '' a woman who sticks out her tongue .	A man is mad at the woman	neutral
Overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an `` angry `` man `` chokes '' a woman who sticks out her tongue .	A man chokes a woman	entailment
A man in a business suit has just crossed the street .	The man is laying in the street .	contradiction
A man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	A man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt are holding a sign at a peace rally .	neutral
A man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart .	A woman is smoking a cigarette .	contradiction
A man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water .	A person is outside near some water .	entailment
A man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water .	The man is standing by a river .	neutral
A man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water .	The man is swimming in the water .	contradiction
A dog jumps over a pile of wood .	A dog can jump .	entailment
A dog jumps over a pile of wood .	A dog rests on a pile of wood .	contradiction
A dog jumps over a pile of wood .	A dog jumps over a pile of wood to chase a rabbit .	neutral
A well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers .	A woman is standing in front of a well decorated bus .	entailment
Small girl riding in play car .	A girl is riding in a toy car .	entailment
Small girl riding in play car .	A girl is about to crash her toy car .	neutral
Small girl riding in play car .	A young boy sits in a lawn chair .	contradiction
A man is performing for a group in front of a white house .	The man 's performance was outside of a house .	entailment
A man is performing for a group in front of a white house .	The man performed in front of his own house .	neutral
a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog chases a boy	entailment
a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog chases a boy to eat him	neutral
A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man building a house out of stone .	contradiction
A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man sitting near table in a fabric-draped room .	entailment
A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man sitting at a tarot card shop , waiting for his palm to be read .	neutral
A blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	A person with a tattoo	entailment
A woman looks at a picture and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls .	There is a person in a room .	entailment
A young girl jumps off her swing in front of building .	girl plays in park	neutral
A young girl jumps off her swing in front of building .	a boy drinks coffee	contradiction
Four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water .	Three people are riding in a boat .	contradiction
Four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water .	The people are trying to cross a river without getting wet .	neutral
An older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water .	A older man and toddler playfully splash each other while in water	neutral
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head .	Girl with swim cap and goggles prepares to jump in pool .	neutral
A lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer .	The woman is wearing a dress .	contradiction
A racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air .	A person on a motorcycle .	entailment
A racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air .	A person waves at the camera .	contradiction
An older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	An old woman is in the kitchen .	entailment
An older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	A young woman is making food in the kitchen .	contradiction
A man is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A man with long braided hair is dancing alone on a sidewalk in a loincloth .	contradiction
A man is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A guy is getting his hair trimmed .	entailment
A man and two women are walking down a wooded path , the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage .	A man and a couple of women take a walk .	entailment
A man and two women are walking down a wooded path , the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage .	A man and a pair of women are walking down a wooden path , with the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage .	entailment
A older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi .	A taxi driver with gray hair next to a green and yellow taxi .	neutral
A older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi .	A older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit .	entailment
A older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi .	A older woman sits in a green and yellow taxi .	contradiction
A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .	A couple of young people hanging out .	neutral
A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .	An old couple watches the sunset .	contradiction
A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .	A couple of young people are at a concert .	neutral
The person is reading a book .	A man listens to an audio book .	contradiction
A man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him .	The man is wearing a baseball cap .	contradiction
A man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him .	A man is holding the leash of a dog .	entailment
A little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods .	A girl walks through a field .	contradiction
A little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods .	A boy walks to school through the woods .	neutral
A man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress	A man takes a flower from a woman .	entailment
A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A little baby is having lunch .	neutral
A man wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .	A man with his outfit	entailment
Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	Many people walk to the sidewalk to avoid traffic .	neutral
Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	Mane people sit in the street .	contradiction
Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	Many people walk to the sidewalk .	entailment
A young Asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture .	A child notices his mom taking a picture .	contradiction
A young Asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture .	Someone is taking a picture of a child .	entailment
A young Asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture .	A child 's mother takes a picture of her .	neutral
A child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood .	a child is riding his bike	entailment
A child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood .	the child is riding his bike to the park	neutral
A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl .	A mother and daughter are participating in a historical reinactment .	neutral
A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl .	The people are riding in a plane .	contradiction
An older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing .	The couple standing by a statue are having their picture taken .	entailment
A little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle .	A little girl in a gray jacket is doing a wheelie on a ten speed mountain bike .	neutral
A little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle .	A little girl in a gray jacket is driving a car .	contradiction
A man in a black hat opens his mouth .	A man in black hat keeps his lips sealed .	contradiction
A woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The glass bottle is big	neutral
A man jumps off a cliff with a city view below .	Man jumps off cliff near city .	entailment
The man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	The man is walking his dog .	contradiction
The young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake .	A girl is falling off a pier , into a lake .	neutral
An obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone .	A man is sleeping in front of a fountain .	contradiction
An obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone .	A man is talking to his girlfriend on the phone .	neutral
An obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone .	A man is talking outside on his phone .	entailment
A woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right .	The woman is sleeping on a pillow .	contradiction
A woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right .	The woman is looking at a dog .	neutral
A woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street .	An old woman in a red and blue striped shirt is walking a large black horse across a street .	neutral
A woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street .	A woman in a striped shirt is running with a dog across a street .	contradiction
A girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers .	The girl is giving the flowers some water .	entailment
A girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers .	The girl is putting water in the pot .	contradiction
The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	The girl tries on the blue dress at the store .	contradiction
A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball .	A woman is in a bowling alley .	neutral
A woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces .	A woman sits on a rug next to a boy who is looking at a gameboard .	entailment
A woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces .	A woman and her son play the third of a best of three checkers tournament .	neutral
A woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces .	A woman stands in a TV room and watches her son watching TV .	contradiction
A woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe .	A woman in an orange jacket .	contradiction
A woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe .	Two elderly men cat calling at a woman .	neutral
A woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow .	A mother and her child are playing in the snow .	neutral
A woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow .	The woman in the blue jacket has three legs and two heads .	contradiction
A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair .	A male model with a mohawk , tattoos , and piercings strikes a lazy pose in a lounge chair for the camera .	neutral
A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair .	A man is taking photos of his cat .	contradiction
A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair .	A man is in a chair .	entailment
A female acrobat with long , blond curly hair , dangling upside down while suspending herself from long , red ribbons of fabric .	A horse jumps over a fence .	contradiction
Two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass .	Two boys smile wearing tank tops .	contradiction
Two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass .	Two girls smile wearing sunglasses .	entailment
Man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bike behind him .	A woman sits on the floor near a blue bike .	contradiction
A person is surfing a big wave .	A person is sitting in a chair .	contradiction
A person is surfing a big wave .	A person is surfing a big hundred foot wave .	neutral
A male baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball .	The male baseball player belongs to the Cleveland Indians .	entailment
A soldier using binoculars in a desert .	A soldier using binoculars searches for the enemy in a desert .	neutral
A soldier using binoculars in a desert .	A soldier standing outside of a palace .	contradiction
A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A path covered by snow .	contradiction
A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A wooden path towards the shore .	entailment
A man cycling on road and enjoying .	A man enjoys his bike .	entailment
A man cycling on road and enjoying .	A man is asleep in his bed .	contradiction
A man wearing a blue shirt , black apron , eyeglasses , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A young man with earrings and a mohawk , prepares hamburgers at a fast food restaurant .	neutral
A dog biting a man 's rear	An animal is biting a man .	entailment
A dog biting a man 's rear	A cat attacks a man .	contradiction
A man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .	A man is near a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .	entailment
A man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .	A man in a red jacket is near a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .	contradiction
A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves .	A cat running up a tree	contradiction
A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves .	A dog running down a road	entailment
A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves .	A dog running down a leaf covered road carrying a ball in it 's mouth	entailment
A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it .	A couple walks in front of a building .	entailment
A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it .	A couple walks in front of a boat .	contradiction
A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it .	A couple walks in front of a three story building .	neutral
A man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back .	A man is carrying a bag on his back .	entailment
A man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back .	A man is hiking outside with a bag on his back .	neutral
A man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back .	A man is outside with no bag on his back .	contradiction
A swan landing in a lake .	A bird is on a lake .	entailment
A swan landing in a lake .	A swan is flying away from a lake .	contradiction
A swan landing in a lake .	A bird is looking for food on a lake .	neutral
The woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The woman is trying to get a picture of her friend .	neutral
A man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .	A sad man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .	neutral
A man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .	A woman in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .	contradiction
A man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .	A person in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .	entailment
A boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a little girl lays on a hospital bed	contradiction
A boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a kid broke his leg	neutral
A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is doing a jump on rollerblades .	contradiction
A man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background .	There is a man and a woman .	entailment
A man throws his young boy playfully into the air standing on a beach .	A Dad and son is playing on the beach .	entailment
A man throws his young boy playfully into the air standing on a beach .	A man and a boy is playing on the beach .	entailment
A man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	A man is blowing out his birthday cake .	contradiction
People buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market .	People are dancing to music in a club .	contradiction
A balding , heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman .	The man is visiting Gettysburg National Cemetary in Gettysburg PA with his family .	neutral
A balding , heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman .	The man is canoeing down a slowly-moving river , enjoying the noonday sun .	contradiction
A balding , heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman .	There are both people and animals in this picture .	entailment
A man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall .	The man is sitting on a bench .	contradiction
A young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman , who is carrying a young girl .	A woman is with a couple of children	entailment
A young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background .	A child looks at birds in the sky outside of of a bridge .	neutral
A young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background .	A child looks at the sky outside .	entailment
She is cooking food while wearing a dress .	A woman in a dress cooks food .	entailment
She is cooking food while wearing a dress .	A woman in a dress prepares a steak .	neutral
She is cooking food while wearing a dress .	A woman in a dress dances in the club .	contradiction
A young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle .	A young boy wears a helmet while on a motorcycle .	entailment
Two children play in the snow by the side of the road .	Kids are building a snow man .	neutral
A man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path .	A man is biking down a path .	entailment
A man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path .	A woman is jogging down a road .	contradiction
A man is throwing something into the road .	A man throws salt on a snowy road .	neutral
A man is throwing something into the road .	A man is near the road .	entailment
A man is throwing something into the road .	A man paints a house .	contradiction
A black woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus .	The woman has been fishing in the ocean	neutral
Two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water .	The body of water is a lake .	neutral
Two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them .	Two men working on the roof of an apartment building	entailment
Two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them .	Two men not working on the roof of an apartment building	contradiction
Two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them .	Two men joyously working on the roof of an apartment building	neutral
A man trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	The man climbing the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs .	contradiction
A man trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	A man is climbing a rope .	entailment
A man trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	The man climbing a rope to get to the top .	neutral
A young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A girl is sitting in dirty water with a snake 's skin in her hands	neutral
A young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A girl is sitting in a tub with part of a snake .	entailment
a green and white trolley car with an advertisement of coffee on the side and front of it in a city .	A trolley taking people to work and school .	neutral
A young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope .	The young woman removes her clothes , `` I came in like wrecking ball ! ''	contradiction
A young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope .	A young woman is playing on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope .	entailment
A girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building .	A girl debates eating at a certain restaurant .	neutral
A girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building .	A girl in front of a building .	entailment
A group of people gather around a truck .	A group of people sit in the living room .	contradiction
A group of people gather around a truck .	A group of people gather near the monster truck .	neutral
A woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table .	The lady on the table is cutting her sandwhich	entailment
A woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table .	the lady on the table is leeping	contradiction
A woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table .	The lady on the table is cutting here sandwich is on her cellphone	neutral
A woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur .	The woman is watching television	contradiction
A woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur .	The woman is in an outdoor park	neutral
A boy splashing through the ocean .	The boy is at the beach .	entailment
A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room .	The man is buying a new guitar at the store .	contradiction
A man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks .	A man and woman ride a mule	entailment
A photographer carefully sets up his camera on a tripod and prepares to take the shot amidst the scenic background .	A man has a camera in the woods .	neutral
A woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book .	A woman is wearing glasses and a light brown beanie .	neutral
A painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus .	A painter has a tattoo of a dragon on his arm .	neutral
A young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event .	the woman is at a ski lodge	contradiction
A young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event .	the woman is at a party	neutral
A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head .	A man is carrying a little girl off the ground .	entailment
A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head .	A man is carrying his daughter above his head .	neutral
A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head .	A man is playing Monopoly with a little girl .	contradiction
A man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by .	A man on the sidewalk performs a mime act while angry people glare at him	contradiction
A man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by .	A homeless street musician tries to earn enough to money to survive	neutral
A woman is observing pictures on a camera .	A women purchasing a new camera from the store .	neutral
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .	A dog sleeping on the porch .	contradiction
A mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs .	A young woman holds a red umbrella over her infant son as she goes upstairs .	neutral
A mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs .	A woman protects her child from the sun as they walk to an upper level of a building .	entailment
A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The brick building had glass doors in front	entailment
A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The man with the skateboard is waiting for a plane	neutral
A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The man on the skateboard is going to bounce off the glass doors	neutral
A man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette .	A man is playing a brown guitar	neutral
A man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette .	A man is playing guitar	entailment
Two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor .	The floor is made of wood .	entailment
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A woman in a blue tank top holding a car .	contradiction
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A woman in a pink tank top holding a mug .	entailment
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench .	A bench rests on a man	contradiction
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench .	A man relaxes on a bench	entailment
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench .	A person rests on seat	neutral
A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something .	A woman in a gray shirt looking at her book .	neutral
A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something .	A woman in a gray shirt looking onward .	neutral
A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something .	A woman in a red shirt baking a cake .	contradiction
A woman plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	The crazy cat lady is scooping the litter box .	contradiction
A woman plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	A woman is playing with her dog .	entailment
A young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A girl chokes out a boy with shoelaces	contradiction
A young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A girl helps a boy tie his shoes	entailment
A man holding girl at top of a slide	A man with a girl on a swing .	contradiction
A man holding girl at top of a slide	A man with a girl playing .	entailment
A man holding girl at top of a slide	A man telling the girl not be scared on top of a silde .	neutral
A group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food .	A group of people standing around waiting for a bus .	contradiction
A group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food .	a group of people in green vests purchase food for lunch .	neutral
A group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food .	A group of people buy food .	entailment
A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves .	A dog is on the beach .	entailment
A city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians .	The people are in a city .	entailment
A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off .	A woman is standing in high heels , leaning against a wall .	contradiction
A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off .	A woman has her shoe off to adjust her sock .	neutral
A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off .	A woman is wearing only one shoe .	entailment
A man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a man polishes a floor next to a can	entailment
A man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a man polishes a floor	entailment
A woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by .	The woman is wearing a skirt .	neutral
A woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by .	A woman is wearing a white shirt .	entailment
Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	An animal is in water	entailment
An old man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room .	The man frowns at the camera	contradiction
A girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger .	The hat wearing girl is petting a cat .	contradiction
A girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger .	The girl is in contact with an insect .	entailment
A teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something .	no one saw the rainbow in the sky	neutral
People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water .	A family is enjoying the outdoors with their boy	neutral
People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water .	people hanging outside by the water	entailment
Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes , they look ready to dig in .	The guy 's jacket is red .	entailment
Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes , they look ready to dig in .	A guy is wearing a red jacket .	entailment
A little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A boy is getting filthy while playing in the wreckage of a fallen building .	contradiction
A little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A child is exercising among garbage .	contradiction
A woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A woman drinks a beer .	contradiction
A woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A woman checks for a stain on her son 's shirt at the festival .	neutral
A group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food , drinks , and a game on it .	the people are standing at the cliff	contradiction
Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor	A man playing with an airplane .	contradiction
An elderly male is blowing air into an object .	An elderly male is blowing air inyto an object	entailment
An elderly male is blowing air into an object .	The elderly man gave up blowing air into the object	contradiction
A man wearing a green apron , working at a street side vendor called NY Dosas , miles at the camera .	The man selling halal meat in his food cart is smiling at the camera .	neutral
A man wearing a green apron , working at a street side vendor called NY Dosas , miles at the camera .	A man is sitting at a table in a bistro .	contradiction
A man wearing a green apron , working at a street side vendor called NY Dosas , miles at the camera .	A street vendor is smiling at a camera .	entailment
A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy jumps in the air .	entailment
A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy collapses on top of the sand castle he just built .	neutral
A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy is happy to be so close to the water .	neutral
A young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	The young Asian couple are using an umbrella to protect themselves from the hard rain .	neutral
A young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	A young Asian couple are swimming in the pool .	contradiction
Boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station .	A boy is looking through a window at another boy at the train station .	neutral
Boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station .	A boy is sitting at a train station .	entailment
Boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station .	A little boy is walking out of the train .	contradiction
A shirt booth with a man printing a shirt .	The man is printing a shirt .	entailment
A young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station .	A young lady is outside the train station	entailment
A young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station .	A lady is walking to her train	neutral
A young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station .	A lady is taking a bus	contradiction
A woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background .	The woman is waiting for someone to show up .	neutral
A Caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an ATM machine .	The woman is sitting on the back porch .	contradiction
A Caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an ATM machine .	The white woman is using an ATM machine .	entailment
A road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic .	A road worker is holding a shotgun to direct traffic .	contradiction
A man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case .	man is a girl	contradiction
A man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case .	man has a shirt on	entailment
A dog with a collar on lying on the street .	The dog was just hit by a car and is lying in the street .	neutral
A woman wearing sunglasses .	A woman is wearing a pair of sunglasses .	entailment
A man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and singing .	The man is a great guitar player .	neutral
A man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist .	A person riding a large animal .	entailment
A man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist .	A man sitting on a camel .	contradiction
A man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist .	An old Asian man riding a baby elephant .	neutral
A female bicyclist wearing black , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a bike .	A woman is riding a skateboard .	contradiction
A female bicyclist wearing black , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a bike .	A woman riding a bike .	entailment
A female bicyclist wearing black , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a bike .	A woman riding a bike in a race .	neutral
Little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A young girl in the kitchen makes spicy omelets .	neutral
A girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food .	The girl is near food .	entailment
A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on the field .	entailment
A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on a baseball field .	contradiction
A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo .	A boy dressed for summer in a tight green shirt and kahki shorts	entailment
A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo .	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts	entailment
A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo .	A boy alien dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts	entailment
While traveling , a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket .	A woman rests on the shoulder of a man	entailment
A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A baseball player playing in a game .	entailment
A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A baseball player catching a baseball .	contradiction
A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow .	A dog is warm in it 's bed .	contradiction
A man is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt .	The man is going into the temple to pray .	neutral
Many people on the beach holding a very large net .	The people are playing ice hockey on a pond as the snow begins to fall .	contradiction
Many people on the beach holding a very large net .	There are many people in this picture , and they are all outside .	entailment
A child stuck up in a tree .	A tree has a child stuck up in it .	entailment
A child stuck up in a tree .	A child is stuck in a tree after trying to hide .	neutral
A man and his camel in the dusty desert .	a man and his camel	entailment
A man and his camel in the dusty desert .	the man and his goat in the farm	contradiction
A lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background .	the animal is sitting under tree	contradiction
A lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background .	there is a guy carrying his pet with him near fallen tree	contradiction
A man in suit waiting for the green light .	A man waits at a red light .	entailment
A man in suit waiting for the green light .	A man ran a red light .	contradiction
A woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	entailment
A woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds her new baby	entailment
The small dog is running across the lawn .	A cat is running up a tree .	contradiction
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .	A cat is playing in the snow .	contradiction
3 people are shopping in a market .	There are people at a market .	entailment
3 people are shopping in a market .	The three people are shopping for a party they are going to throw .	neutral
3 people are shopping in a market .	The three people are watching television together .	contradiction
A group of people are walking down a busy street .	A group of people are sitting in the library .	contradiction
A half dressed man is sleeping on the sidewalk .	a man is drinking coffee	contradiction
A woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air .	the woman is eating a hot dog	contradiction
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .	The man is next to the fence .	entailment
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .	The man wearing black pants and a black jacket is in front of the fence .	neutral
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .	A man wearing pink is next to the blue fence .	contradiction
A bird is perched on a tree branch .	A bird is perching in a tree .	entailment
A bird is perched on a tree branch .	A squirrel plays in a tree .	contradiction
A bird is perched on a tree branch .	An owl is perched on a tree branch .	neutral
A girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chair .	The three girls are arm wrestling in China town .	contradiction
By a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it , a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a small handheld electronic device .	A woman in green opening a box while a half concealed man manipulates a handheld device .	entailment
Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field .	A couple is farming with their pet buffalo .	entailment
People stand along a train track and take pictures .	Some people are walking to the train station .	neutral
People stand along a train track and take pictures .	Some people with cameras are standing on a train track .	entailment
A man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water .	A woman leans against a fence	contradiction
A man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water .	A man leans against a fence	entailment
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by .	There is a man running through a green field .	contradiction
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by .	There is a man in black outside on a busy sidewalk .	entailment
A girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The girl has clothes on	entailment
A short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background .	a man performs on the street for tips	neutral
A short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background .	a man is eating a sandwich	contradiction
A large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone .	The man is in the fountain .	contradiction
A large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone .	The fountain has running water .	neutral
A surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine .	A man is cutting the grass .	contradiction
A Man is eating food next to a child on a bench .	Man eating on a bench near a child .	entailment
A Man is eating food next to a child on a bench .	Man eating his food while sitting with his daughter .	neutral
A large African American man sitting on a camping chair .	the large black man is running a race	contradiction
A large African American man sitting on a camping chair .	The large black man is relaxing in the chair	entailment
A large African American man sitting on a camping chair .	The large black man is relaxing in the chair and waiting for a steak	neutral
A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A young male in a white shirt .	entailment
A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A boy in a purple shirt .	contradiction
A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A blonde boy in a white shirt .	neutral
A man and a woman walk at a flea market .	The man and women are at a high priced store .	contradiction
Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings .	The man loves to play music for people .	neutral
Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings .	The man knows how to play the guitar .	entailment
A man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard .	The man is at a school	contradiction
Four small children playing in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand .	For small children are playing in the sand on a deserted beach .	contradiction
A man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance .	A man is watching his son playing on the swingset .	neutral
A man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance .	A man is swimming in the ocean .	contradiction
A man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance .	A man sees something while in a park .	entailment
A man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket .	A woman reaches into a basket at a store	contradiction
A man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket .	A man reaches into his laundry basket at the laundromat	entailment
A man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket .	A man reaches into a basket at a laundromat	entailment
there 's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five children , three of which are making faces .	the dog is eating dinner	contradiction
there 's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five children , three of which are making faces .	the family is trying to take a family picture	neutral
The young girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .	A girl is sleeping in bed .	contradiction
The young girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .	The girl is swinging at the park .	neutral
A man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech .	a man sits shyly near a bride	contradiction
A woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A lady walks down the street .	entailment
A woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A young woman is standing and staring at a painted mural .	contradiction
A woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A woman walks past a wall of graffiti on her way to the bookstore .	neutral
A man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand .	The man has nothing on his face .	contradiction
A man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits .	a man stands near some fruit	entailment
A man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits .	a man takes a picture of the pile of fruits	neutral
A man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits .	a man stands in front of a small banana pile	neutral
A woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone .	A woman is looking at a text on her cell phone .	neutral
A woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone .	A woman has her cell phone up to her ear .	contradiction
A woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone .	A woman is holding her cell phone .	entailment
A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse .	The person is riding a brown horse .	neutral
A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse .	The person is on a camel .	contradiction
A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse .	The person is on a horse .	entailment
A group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man .	A group of people listen carefully to a boy being interviewed .	neutral
A group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man .	A group of people are watching a boy and and interviewer .	entailment
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A man interviews a boy .	entailment
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A man slaps a little boy in front of a gather of people .	contradiction
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A man interviews a child about his view on terrorism and Barney .	neutral
Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party .	Two people are at a party .	entailment
A child being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank is getting something out of the child .	contradiction
A child being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank is filled with water .	neutral
A young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands .	A young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands , and a brick in the other .	neutral
A young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands .	A young girl chasing a dragon with bread in her hands .	contradiction
A young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands .	A child is chasing an animal .	entailment
A young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away .	The young man jumping against the wall is hispanic .	neutral
A young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away .	The young man is jumping against a wall .	entailment
A young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away .	The young man dressed with a yellow tie is dancing at a party .	neutral
A boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes .	A boy admires a woman .	neutral
A boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes .	A boy is watching a woman .	entailment
An African-American male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board .	A boy is riding to the store to get some candy .	neutral
An African-American male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board .	A boy is riding his bike outside .	entailment
An African-American male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board .	A boy is walking on a sidewalk in his neighborhood .	contradiction
A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	A golden car bounds across the snow-covered highway .	contradiction
A woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes , carrying a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby .	The woman is modeling a wedding dress .	neutral
A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy in cloth pants and shirt is wearing something on his face to protect hist lungs puts out a fire .	contradiction
A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy in pants and shirt wearing a face mask to breath through fools around with a fire .	neutral
A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy wearing a shirt and pants and a bandanna over his mouth starts a blaze going .	entailment
A woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight .	A woman rests on a bench in the day	entailment
A group of people wait to cross the street in new york	Group of people waiting to cross the street .	entailment
A group of people wait to cross the street in new york	People waiting in line at an amusement park .	contradiction
A group of people wait to cross the street in new york	Some of the people are wearing sunglasses .	neutral
Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag .	Two boys have paper and another boy is grabbing a bag .	entailment
A bearded man sits near a white van .	A man waiting for someone near a white van .	neutral
A bearded man sits near a white van .	a man sitting outside near a van .	entailment
A bearded man sits near a white van .	A man sitting inside a red truck .	contradiction
A man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A guy is standing near a crowd of people .	entailment
A little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	There is a boy collecting candy from a man in a clown costume .	contradiction
A little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	A small girl is in the parade for the marching band .	neutral
A little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	A girl is by a parade .	entailment
A man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag .	The man is brown is getting his wallet to pay the man in the jacket .	neutral
Girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar	A girl plays guitar and sings for a crowd .	neutral
Girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar	A girl plays guitar and sings on stage .	entailment
A man is smiling at a woman in a white dress .	The man knows the woman .	neutral
A man is smiling at a woman in a white dress .	The man is on the moon .	contradiction
An impoverished person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water .	A poor person in tattered clothes kneels by the trash filled body of water .	entailment
An impoverished person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water .	A homeless man wearing torn clothing is looking for food among the trash in the river .	neutral
A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled `` LUCKY '' full of bills .	A woman is wearing black sunglasses and holding a black suitcase .	contradiction
A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled `` LUCKY '' full of bills .	A woman who just won the jackpot at the casino poses for a picture .	neutral
A woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A woman is enjoying a meal before bed	neutral
Three kids in a forest standing on a tree log .	Children crossing stream in forest .	neutral
A man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a man sits at home waiting for his dinner	contradiction
A man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a man at a restaurant	entailment
A man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a man at a restaurant waiting for his wife	neutral
A man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk .	A woman stands on a street corner .	contradiction
A man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk .	A woman and a man are outside .	entailment
A man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk .	A woman and a man block the entire sidewalk .	neutral
A couple sits in the grass .	A couple is at a restaurant .	contradiction
A woman is petting a dog outside .	A person and an animal are interacting out of doors .	entailment
A woman is petting a dog outside .	A woman is sitting at the vet 's office with her dog .	contradiction
A woman is petting a dog outside .	A woman is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick .	neutral
two male 's in a karate class , one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face .	two people do jump kicks	contradiction
two male 's in a karate class , one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face .	a man sleeps in a chair	contradiction
A young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The man holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard .	entailment
A young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The man in the gray t-shirt pulls little green men out of beard ; too much drinking , I guess .	neutral
A young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The gentleman in the t-shirt really should n't drink so much beer , as now he has little green pieces of something in his beard .	neutral
A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water .	The duck kept it 's wings intact when it dived under the water to catch some fish .	contradiction
A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water .	There is an animal in the water .	entailment
A little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	A girl at school getting a ruler .	contradiction
A little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	A child at a party .	neutral
A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A woman is walking in park	contradiction
A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A woman prepare a lunch in restaurant	neutral
A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A woman in restaurant	entailment
A older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair .	A man is wearing a hat .	entailment
A older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair .	A man is playing guitar .	contradiction
A boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy drags a sled up the hill	neutral
A boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy drags his dog	contradiction
A man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer .	A man with glasses and a disheveled outfit is playing a guitar and singing along with a drummer .	entailment
A female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture .	A girl dancing and photographer take a photo	entailment
A female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture .	A girl is dancing and anothe man take a photo	neutral
